Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 
Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, & if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military & Vets. She has my Complete & Total Endorsement!
My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity
I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!
LAW & ORDER!
The Radical Left Mayors &  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists & Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!
I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!
Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!
If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!
Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!
When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs & Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN & Crime Infested Democrat Cities & States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!
....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!
Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, & then back to his  basement for an extended period...
Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
Rest In Peace Jay! 
A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!
Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor....
....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it....
..The people of Portland, like all other cities &  parts of our great Country, want Law & Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!
LAW & ORDER!!!
.@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews
Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
Michael knows!!! 
Their minds are gone!!! 
.@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
Tone down the language, but TRUE! 
This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
Thank you. We will not let them down! 
Play Football Big Ten! 
GREAT PATRIOTS! 
Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 
ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety & Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law & Order! 
The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!
U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!
Just returned to Washington from Louisiana & Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!
Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 
Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!
Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota  
Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!
....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana & Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA & @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!
..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind & caring grandfather!
About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!
I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
Texas loves John! 
Esther is GREAT! 
Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
Bill is GREAT! 
Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
Great crowd, great people! 
Thank you! 
My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!
Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd.
The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!
Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!
Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!
How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?
Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!
If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!
Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 

Landing in New Hampshire!
No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States.
Heading to New Hampshire!
Thank you! #MAGA 
Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?
Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?
Great Ratings & Reviews Last Night. Thank you!
Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!
Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!
The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!
We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)...
...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!
Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state & local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 
Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!
Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!
80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!
We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago...
...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request.
I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!
...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, & Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!
Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS...
For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent & missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!
Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!
THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 

Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!
Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary 
GOD BLESS THE USA! 
All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!
Incredible that @CNN & MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!
Continued... 
Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews
Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN
Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?
“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware.
Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!
Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 

Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!
These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends
So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!
Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
.@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!
Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!
Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!
Terrible! 
We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black & Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!
Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam....
In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!
Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives! @SteveFDA
Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!
Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State & City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!
The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!
Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City & State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!
Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!
In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!
After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews
To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???
They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!
The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search & find people, then “harvest” & return Ballots. Not fair!
AMERICA FIRST! #MAGA 
I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety & security, Joe allows CRIME!
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

THANK YOU! #MAGA 
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
Thank you so much! 
They would own our Country! 
It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!
Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me! 
My great honor!!! 
BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???
WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?
HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!
“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox
Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 
Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!
Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!
Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday & Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr
Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!).
With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!
IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!
“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller
Big win Matt! 
She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 
Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 
Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, & 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!
.@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!
In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand...
...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!
The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!
People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!
A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC & State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked & Incompetent! 
John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 
Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left & is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!
The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!
Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!
....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back & watch!
Somebody please explain to @MichelleObama that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it weren’t for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late &  unenthusiastic endorsement.....
Thank you. Will never let you down! 
Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!
Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals & heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!
She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!
NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!
SAVE THE POST OFFICE!
Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!
Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!
Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!
Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, and Governor Kim Reynolds.
What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!
Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!
The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911
Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! 
Thank you Franklin! 
Thank you James! 
“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci
.@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair & Balanced” job!
Voter Scam! 
The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!
If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
Thank you! 
Would be terrible for our Country! 
More Fake News! 
Fake News! 
Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov & @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!
So true, but we won’t let that happen! 
Wow! 
The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 
So terrible! 
Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
Thank you to the great Pat Lynch & the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD, and God Bless America! 
Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana...
...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the @NRA. Steve, on the other hand, just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTSEN 
Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!
I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME! #MAGA 
I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
Great News! 
I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
I have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!
I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY...
Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC...
...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!
Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
Fake News will never change! 
Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!
Thank you Debbie! 
Thank you! 
It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
.@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
.@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment...
The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 
Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 
HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!
Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 
Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!
The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!
Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!).
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!
I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!
Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!
Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!
Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!
Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. Myers/Naples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!
Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely! @MARTASERVICE
Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through @USDOT to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!
Sending $8.3M in @USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!
New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!
Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!
BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit, @CityLinkPeoria, and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!
$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in @USDOT funding for @NewOrleansRTA! Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely.
I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!
Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!
Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!
Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity
Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from @USDOT for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely.
Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!
Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!
Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!
The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety & are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!
.@KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!
Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!
Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews
News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!
Big Stock Market Numbers!
More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men & women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!
John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from....
..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, & perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!
Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what....
....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!
White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!
Play College Football!
Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…
...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement & National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
Vote for Michelle – a real winner! #MN07 
CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works & Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!
Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!
Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!
RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!
So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!
.@Scaramucci, who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by @SteveHiltonx, only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”.
This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes & bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 
Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!
Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  #MAGA
Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed.
...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way...
...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!
Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon...
Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!
Great Jobs Numbers!
After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!
This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!
WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!
Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘ 
Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options.
How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!
Two wonderful people! 
Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?
A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!
“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson
Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 
Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!
Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!
.@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!
Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
NASA was Closed & Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!
Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at: 
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

“Trump Wins in Portland”

“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ
I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis
Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot & Vote by Mail! #MAGA
Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!
Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!! 
People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!
OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!
My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!
RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!
So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines & Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait & hit us. Pathetic!
Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!
My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!
Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!
FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
With the exception of New York & a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (& me) look as bad as possible!
In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!
Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost....
Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!
Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!
When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!
Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, & God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!
Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes & Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
I love Colorado! 
This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! @GOPChairwoman 
Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO06 
Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 
Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!
Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 
A great new book, “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power”, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!
Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!
Jake, this wasn’t a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France & Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard & smart. We will come back STRONG!

:: 
Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!
Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!
We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!
We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
I’m with you all the way, thank you!

I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Florida—and honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Florida Sheriffs, THANK YOU! #LESM 
The Democrats are holding back the $1,200 to $3,400 (family of four) checks that were ready to be sent out!
Very disappointed in @SenSchumer for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!
Pelosi & Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments, which is so terrible, especially since they fully understand that it was not the workers fault that they are unemployed, it’s the fault of China!
Pelosi & Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars, and much more, for their Radical Left Governed States, most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!
.@BillHagertyTN, an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan), is running an excellent campaign for the Senate. He loves Tennessee and loves our Country. We need him badly in Washington. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

We just got 50% in Rasmussen, and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday. He has been brought even further LEFT than Crazy Bernie Sanders ever thought possible. By the way, Bernie’s people love me on Trade!
Great job by Jim Jordan, and also some very good statements by Tony Fauci. Big progress being made! 
.....Our massive testing capability, rather than being praised, is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner, the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats, as a point of scorn. This testing, and what we have so quickly done, is used as a Fake News weapon. Sad!
Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn, who doesn’t have a clue, that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the U.S. than Europe, is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World. If we had no testing, or bad testing, we would show very few CASES..
Great to spend time with Mike Singletary while going to Texas. He’s one of the greatest football players ever — A strong man and a really good person. Great being with you Mike! 
My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus. If you’ve recovered from Coronavirus, donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES! Together, we will beat the Virus!

🌐
As the Wall goes up, illegal crossings go down. This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border. We now have 256 miles of NEW Wall and we are on track to have 300 miles completed by the end of August! 
We are going to WIN the 2020 Election, BIG! #MAGA
Must know Election results on the night of the Election, not days, months, or even years later!
Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting (not Absentee Voting, which I totally support!).
...the phone with his amazing wife Gloria, daughter, Melanie, and son Vincent to express my deepest condolences to the entire family. @FLOTUS Melania and I loved Herman Cain, a great man. Herman, Rest In Peace! 
My friend Herman Cain, a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good, passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him, especially me. He was a very special man, an American Patriot, and great friend. I just got off...
Support Patio Pizza and its wonderful owner, Guy Caligiuri, in St. James, Long Island (N.Y.). Great Pizza!!! @Varneyco
Drug prices will soon be lowered massively. Big Pharma (Drug Companies) are advertising against me like crazy because lower prices mean less profit. When you watch a Fake Ad, just think lower drug prices!!!
Kate Brown, Governor of Oregon, isn’t doing her job. She must clear out, and in some cases arrest, the Anarchists & Agitators in Portland. If she can’t do it, the Federal Government will do it for her. We will not be leaving until there is safety!
With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE & FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???
Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesn’t want to report this. Also, highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries!!! @WSJ
Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster. Even testing areas are way off. The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting, but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race. Even beyond that, there’s no accurate count!
Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy, and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. What’s that all about? Also, Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!
Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station! 

New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen, but on massive scale, with USA. Fake News refuses to report!
.@FoxNews reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that the Governor & Mayor do their job or we will do it for them. To complicated to discuss in a Tweet, but bad reporting by Fox (possibly on purpose!). @DHSgov
Great to be in Texas!
...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately, the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!
If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement (Homeland) didn’t go into Portland one week ago, there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground. If the Mayor and Governor...
Just landed in the Great State of Texas! 
I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas, where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!
...With Biden, drug prices will quadruple! After many years, the game is finally up for Big Pharma, and they’re NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!
The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me, only because I am lowering drug prices massively, 50% and more! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years, but never did...
...Your housing prices will go up based on the market, and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!
I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood...
If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!
Reno-Stead Airport has big bucks coming its way. I’m designating over $4.8 million from @USDOT to reconstruct the airport’s taxiway and ramp. This, along with 4 other airport grants to Nevada, will help in the economic recovery and GROWTH of the State!
BIG bucks are on their way to @ILMairport. Over $21.1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from @USDOT to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements. This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region!
I am designating $18.9 million from @USDOT to MANY airports in Ohio, including @goingplacescle, @CAKairport, and several others, for improvements, updates, and safety. Great for the economy and the people of Ohio!
Great news for Florida! $3.3 million will be sent to @flyKissimmee from @USDOT for airport improvements and safety enhancements. This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the State’s economy!
I am designating $18.77M from @USDOT for 7 airports across Pennsylvania. @PITairport, Northeast Philadelphia Airport, Erie International Airport, and others around the State. GREAT news for a GREAT State!
Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from @USDOT. I’m designating $3.6 million to reconstruct its terminal building, in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State. Glad to help the people of Arkansas!
LAW & ORDER!
Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!
“The Plus, Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help”, by the very smart and witty @greggutfeld, is on sale now. It is great, Canceling Cancel Culture. Make his book as successful as his T.V. Show. Buy it now!
Great going to a very talented group! 
Vote these people out. They are CRAZY!  #2020 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference 
....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them. Plus, I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction!
Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices, at least, & Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would....
“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH.” @foxandfriends  They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity. Jerry, blame it on Russia, Russia, Russia!
RT @stella_immanuel: Covid has cure. America wake up.  
RT @SidneyPowell1: Make #hydroxychloroquine available over the counter! It will prevent and stop it for next to nothing! 
This is all outra…
RT @TBUNEWS: #SCIENCENEWS Yale epidemiology professor Dr. Harvey Risch: “Hydroxychloroquine could save up to 100,000 lives if used for COVI…
RT @TheRightMelissa: 6000 doctors surveyed across the world all said #Hydroxychloroquine works in Covid patients. Multiple Studies in Franc…
RT @TheRightMelissa: WOW!! 💥 Doctor calls out what should be the biggest scandal in modern American history; The suppression of   #Hydroxyc…
The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful, sweet and innocent people just out for a little stroll. Actually, they are sick and deranged Anarchists & Agitators who our great men & women of Law Enforcement easily control, but who...
....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus, soon, and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending”, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They look for anything they can find, make it as bad as possible, and blow it up, trying to make it trend. Really ridiculous, illegal, and, of course, very unfair!
Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States, will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues & Monuments Act. MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON. Don’t do it! @DHSgov
Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle, other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In Portland, we are protecting Federal property, including the Courthouse, which wouldn’t last a day!
RT @TimMurtaugh: Not the most promising strategy, of course, but Biden is welcome to try winning Florida without Hispanic voters.

Rigged Election, and EVERYONE knows it! 
Where is JUSTICE? 
Wow! 
RT @stillgray: Black Lives Matter protestor in Austin, Garrett Foster, shot at a car five times. He missed. The driver shot back, killing h…
He is, and people are not happy about it. The Washington Post is a political front for Amazon. Nobody treated Ronald Reagan worse! 
Nice! 
We do more testing than any country in the World, by far, over 55 million tests. Fake News @CNN says we should do more testing. But even if we did 100 times more, they would then say it is still not enough. They are totally discredited, just want Sleepy Joe to win in November! 
The “protesters” are actually anarchists who hate our Country. The line of innocent “mothers” were a scam that Lamestream refuses to acknowledge, just like they don’t report the violence of these demonstrations! 
The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place, & everyone knows it. So much time is taken talking about foreign influence, but the same people won’t even discuss Mail-In election corruption. Look at Patterson, N.J. 20% of vote was corrupted!
Because of my strong focus on the China Virus, including scheduled meetings on Vaccines, our economy and much else, I won’t be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the @Yankees on August 15th. We will make it later in the season!
The Lamestream Media, including @FoxNews, which has really checked out, is refusing to show what is REALLY going on in Portland, Seattle, and other places. They want the American public to believe that these are just some wonderful protesters, not radical left ANARCHISTS!
There is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet, Joe Biden, when they are against fracking, steel production, and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for. Likewise, Texas, and many other states!!!
So the Washington Post is running the Reagan Foundation, and RINO Paul Ryan is on the Board of Fox, which has been terrible. We will win anyway, even with the phony @FoxNews suppression polls (which have been seriously wrong for 5 years)! 
The Trump Campaign has more ENTHUSIASM, according to many, than any campaign in the history of our great Country - Even more than 2016. Biden has NONE! The Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER THIRD!!! Fake Suppression Polls & Fake News will not save the Radical Left.
Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the U.S. in January. Tens of thousands of lives were saved, as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown (SF) in late February. Biden agreed with her, but soon admitted that I was right!
Brett LOVES Wisconsin, Mississippi and Minnesota. A good golfer - hits it LONG! 
This week you had Joe Biden call Arizona a CITY. Nothing matters with him, however, because the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) covers everything up - especially the corruption. The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt in history. They even spied on my campaign!
RT @jonvoight: In God We Trust  (Part 2) 
Thank you Jon! 
My Administration is closely monitoring Hurricane Douglas off Hawaii & Hurricane Hanna, which has now made landfall in Texas. We continue to coordinate closely with both states — listen to your emergency management officials @Hawaii_EMA & @TDEM to protect your family & property! 
One of the greats in the history of television, Regis Philbin has passed on to even greater airwaves, at 88. He was a fantastic person, and my friend. He kept telling me to run for President. Holds the record for “most live television”, and he did it well. Regis, we love you....
....And to Joy, his wonderful wife who he loved so much, my warmest condolences!!!
RT @RepVernonJones: 
@BrandonStraka Many Democrats are leaving the party over calls to Defund the Police. @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth  Great going Brandon. You really get it!!!
RT @DeAngelisCorey: Trump just said "if schools do not reopen the funding should go to parents." 
RT @BrandonStraka: Good morning, all!!! Catch me on @foxandfriends in just a few minutes! Click tweet below to register for today’s Baltimo…
RT @SusanFarina6: @BrandonStraka @foxandfriends Nice interview with @PeteHegseth   I can absolutely relate, I have been a Democrat my whole…
RT @jennfranconews: #BREAKING: In a 5-4 vote, SCOTUS rejects a Nevada Church’s challenge to the state’s coronavirus shutdown order limiting…
RT @jennfranconews: #NEW: U.S. District Court Judge Michael Mosman denies an order sought by Oregon AG Ellen Rosenblum to stop federal agen…
The Democrats in the House are trying to undo my big win Travel Ban Bill, which successfully keeps very bad and dangerous people out of our great Country. Passed along party lines. Hopefully, will be DEAD in the Senate! The Dems have gone Stone Cold Left - Venezuela on steroids!
Wow! 
Yesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs, in many cases by more than 50%. Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma, with its vast power, would not let it happen. Expensive Insulin went from big dollars.....
...to virtual pennies. Epi-pens went from their incredibly high, jacked up prices, to lower than their original give away bargains. Biggest price reductions in history, by far! Nothing like this has ever for our citizens, especially our Seniors. REMEMBER YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT!
Congratulations Jim. It was a great and beautiful event. Well deserved! 
Wow. Win in 2020!!! 
So Obama and his team of lowlifes spied on my campaign, and got caught - Open and shut case! More papers released today which are devastating to them. Will they ever pay the price? The political Crime of the Century!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Congratulations @JimRyun! 
I spoke to highly respected (Chairman) Senator @JimInhofe, who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and Forts, places from which we won two World Wars (and more!). Like me, Jim is not a believer in “Cancel Culture”.
Great job by @elonmusk in agreeing to build, in TEXAS, what is expected to be the largest auto plant anywhere in the world. He kept his word to me. Texas & @Tesla are big winners. MADE IN THE USA!
The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family. 11:00 A.M. @foxandfriends @FoxNews @OANN
RT @realDonaldTrump: Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!!!
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!!!
WELCOME BACK BASEBALL! 
White House Press Conference at 5:15 P.M. Live!
The Suburban Housewives of America must read this article. Biden will destroy your neighborhood and your American Dream. I will preserve it, and make it even better! 
Obama, who wouldn’t even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries (and even then waited a long time!), is now making a commercial of support. Remember, I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for them. I wouldn’t be President. They did a terrible job!
The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut (too bad!). It would be great for workers. The Republicans, therefore, didn’t want to ask for it. Dems, as usual, are hurting the working men and women of our Country!
Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge, former head of Homeland Security, trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland, who last night was booed & shouted out of existence by the agitators & anarchists. Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm!
We did great things, but it doesn’t matter to the Dems! 
RT @KimStrassel: Put another way: Elected officials abdicate responsibility to provide law and order, and further threaten citizens who att…
RT @KimStrassel: George Orwell’s observation that language shapes thought holds true for Covid-19 and Black Lives Matter, writes @gerardtba…
RT @KimStrassel: As a native Oregonian, who still has friends/family there, i can attest that what is happening in Portland (and has been h…
RT @KimStrassel: This is what Joe Biden calls "peaceful."
RT @MZHemingway: Could Media Please Stop Publishing Same NeverTrump Column? 
RT @willchamberlain: Matt Borges - the former chair of the Ohio Republican Party - set up a #NeverTrump PAC to try and elect Joe Biden

Tod…
RT @John_Kass: The Biden promise is that if elected, the hysterical screaming will end & #CancelCulture won’t come for your kids or for you…
RT @MZHemingway: Even the news hosts seem dramatically unaware that we're up to nearly 800,000 tests per day in the country.
RT @MZHemingway: FWIW, quite a few people in recent weeks who generally like Cheney -- including those not on the Hill -- were extremely di…
RT @MZHemingway: Quick Twitter request here. I'm looking for videos of "peaceful protesters" from the recent riots who are blocking cameras…
RT @brithume: Quote: “Even if the charges are dis­missed, or the McCloskeys are par­doned af­ter be­ing con­victed, again we have a pub­lic…
RT @MZHemingway: A February 2017 New a York Times story was a major driver of the Russia collusion hoax. New FBI notes show they quietly an…
RT @BuckSexton: A reminder that those who pander and bow to the mob will still be threatened and humiliated by it⬇️
RT @BuckSexton: The worst mayor in America seems to think his city isn’t under the jurisdiction of America
John Bolton is, with the exception of Hillary, by far the worst offender of them all! 
RT @BuckSexton: At least De Blasio, Wheeler, and Lightfoot give hope to other world class idiots that they too can be mayor of a major Amer…
Great, but did MAGA have anything to do with this great ratings success? 
RT @realJeffreyLord: FBI knew 'collusion' was a nothing-burger, but kept fake scandal alive anyway 
RT @BorisEP: Another example of terrible liberal leadership.

This would be all of America under @JoeBiden.

That America would be a SCARY…
RT @RepMattGaetz: President @realDonaldTrump wants to reopen businesses, reopen schools, reopen churches, and rebuild our economy.


RT @RepMattGaetz: I'm fighting for President @realDonaldTrump's #AmericaFirst vision for the Republican party.


RT @RandPaul: We should all join @realDonaldTrump in advocating to stop our endless wars. Liz Cheney not only wants to stay forever, she’s…
Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must, at least, treat us fairly!!!
I am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Charles Evers. Charles was a trail blazer in politics and a fearless leader, alongside his brother Medgar, for Civil Rights. 
RT @WhiteHouse: Our nationwide positive Coronavirus test rate is on the decline. 
RT @WhiteHouse: We will focus efforts on supporting the highest-risk nursing homes and giving states the information they need for an effec…
RT @WhiteHouse: "From the beginning, we have made it our top priority to shelter our seniors." 
RT @WhiteHouse: "Today, my Administration reached a historic agreement with Pfizer, to produce and deliver 100 million doses of their vacci…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on Operation Legend: We will soon send federal law enforcement to other cities that need help sto…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump's message to American communities plagued by violent crime: "Help is on the way!" 
RT @WhiteHouse: "Today, I'm announcing a surge of federal law enforcement into American communities plagued by violent crime. We'll work ev…
RT @WhiteHouse: "My first duty as President is to protect the American people, and today I am taking action to fulfill that sacred obligati…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump delivers remarks on Operation Legend 
We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL!
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on the U.S. preforming 50 million tests: "We have conducted nearly three times as many tests as a…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: My Administration has ZERO outstanding requests for equipment from the states 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump: "We're asking everybody that when you are not able to socially distance, wear a mask." 
RT @WhiteHouse: Fatalities have fallen nationwide, and we are surging supplies, personnel, and therapeutics where they are needed. 
RT @WhiteHouse: "As one family, we mourn every precious life that's been lost. I pledge in their honor that we will develop a vaccine, and…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference 
Mail-In Voting, unless changed by the courts, will lead to the most CORRUPT ELECTION in our Nation’s History! #RIGGEDELECTION
Strong Stock Market Numbers. You want to see them dive? Vote for the Radical Left with their BIG Tax Hikes!
“In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place.” @Judgenap Judge Andrew Napolitano  @foxandfriends
You will never hear this on the Fake News concerning the China Virus, but by comparison to most other countries, who are suffering greatly, we are doing very well - and we have done things that few other countries could have done!
Tremendous progress being made on Vaccines and Therapeutics!!!
Looking forward to live sports, but any time I witness a player kneeling during the National Anthem, a sign of great disrespect for our Country and our Flag, the game is over for me!
Thank you for the good reviews and comments on my interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. We may have set a record for doing such an interview in the heat. It was 100 degrees, making things very interesting!
We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus, and many people say that it is Patriotic to wear a face mask when you can’t socially distance. There is nobody more Patriotic than me, your favorite President! 
RT @AllenWest: I just want to say how truly humbled I am by this honor, and that I will work hard for Texas and Texans.

I would like to th…
Congratulations Allen, great job! 
So we catch Obama & Biden, not to even mention the rest of their crew, SPYING on my campaign, AND NOTHING HAPPENS? I hope not! If it were the other way around, 50 years for treason. NEVER FORGET!!!!
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Radical Left Democrats, who totally control Biden, will destroy our Country as we know it. Unimaginably bad things would happen to America. Look at Portland, where the pols are just fine with 50 days of anarchy. We sent in help. Look at New York, Chicago, Philadelphia. NO!
We are trying to help Portland, not hurt it. Their leadership has, for months, lost control of the anarchists and agitators. They are missing in action. We must protect Federal property, AND OUR PEOPLE. These were not merely protesters, these are the real deal!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Oregon officials are running scared when it comes to Portland m
RT @GOP: Joe Biden is on a mission to eliminate as many American jobs as possible.
 
No wonder union workers in Pennsylvania tell the Washi…
RT @GOP: The Radical Left wants open borders. 
 
It’s time to let them know just how WRONG they are. 
 
Take the Official Survey NOW!

RT @GOP: School shutdowns hurt the most vulnerable students across our country.
 
The stories out of Mississippi’s Jackson Public School Di…
RT @GOP: “If you need more evidence that Democrats have abandoned the hard-working men and women of this country, look no further than Bide…
RT @GOP: .@realDonaldTrump's tax cuts are working for everyday Americans!
 
The Tax Cuts & Jobs Act continues to boost job growth, increase…
RT @GOP: “...The increases in taxes would be expanded to include taxpayers & working people of just about all income levels. It also means…
RT @GOPChairwoman: President @realDonaldTrump is spot on.
 
“[Democrats] want to bury our economy under suffocating, relentless landslides…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on the Democrat Party's radical environmental policies: They want to "make it impossible economic…
Saddened to hear the news of civil rights hero John Lewis passing. Melania and I send our prayers to he and his family.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police. He may use different words, but when you look at his pact with Crazy Ber…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton, a war mongering fool,…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump, a seldom seen niece who knows little about…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Tax Returns. She’s a mess! Many books have been written about me, some good, some bad. Both happily and sadly, the…
RT @TimMurtaugh: .@realDonaldTrump is 100% correct that Joe Biden would defund the police. The media is bending over backwards to let Joe B…
RT @TimMurtaugh: ...away from police to other budget areas. This is cutting, or defunding, the police by any definition. Further, the propo…
RT @TimMurtaugh: ... across the United States, effectively bankrupting and destroying them. Joe Biden is an empty vessel, which the extreme…
RT @NBSaphierMD: Social interaction is essential for our children. The @AmerAcadPeds officially advocates that ALL policy considerations fo…
RT @ricky_phillip: Kudos to the Trump administration who are working hard to get a vaccine and also to Rob Luna for helping us to understan…
RT @cvpayne: Take a listen to my Fox Radio interview...
RT @JonathanTurley: The onslaught continues.  Andrew Sullivan is out at NY Mag and Vox.  
There is now a concerted c…
Great job Tammy! 
RT @ScottAdamsSays: I’m no political expert, but the Democrat strategy of effectively legalizing violent crime before a national election s…
RT @MelissaAFrancis: So proud! I cannot wait to watch Harris on Sunday! Way to go! 
RT @JasonMillerinDC: “Yes, absolutely!” says Joe Biden - and the media wants to let him off the hook!
RT @mschlapp: America v Socialism
RT @PARISDENNARD: In @JoeBiden’s America 
-Police are defunded 
-Communities are less safe 
-Taxes go up 
- Opportunity zones will stop 
-…
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: Making the Case with @KimGuilfoyle! #TeamTrump 

Text TRUMP to 88022 
RT @ashleyhayek: This mama knows. #WomenforTrump #MomsforTrump #CatholicsforTrump
RT @_Sbenitez: Gracias @FabioASays 🇺🇸!
RT @realDailyWire: Biden Is ‘A Trojan Horse For A Radical Agenda,’ Mike Pence Warns 
RT @jepence: Gracias a VARA y nuestros amigos venezolanos por reunir hoy sobre 

Juntos, vamos a re-elegir el Presi…
RT @TeamTrump: Vice President @Mike_Pence rips Joe Biden’s economic plan: “The last thing this recovery needs is more taxes, more regulatio…
RT @Surabees: Back from the dead 
RT @MichaelDuncan: Lincoln Project co-founder John Weaver registered as a foreign agent of Russia last year.
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Congrats @RonnyJackson4TX well done!!!
RT @parscale: Joe Biden raised his hand in support of giving illegal immigrants free health care & making hardworking Americans pay for it.…
RT @NRSC: 🚨 New Bombshell Video reveals the one thing that could ruin @DougJones’s Senate career… #ALSen #alpolitics 
RT @ChuckRossDC: I know there's no connection between this op-ed and WaPo taking $4.6 million from Chinese foreign agent China Daily for pa…
RT @BorisEP: MY LATEST Op-Ed ⁦⁦⁦@Newsweek:⁩

⁦@JoeBiden’s⁩ Plagiarism Is a Danger to America 
RT @JasonMillerinDC: Ruthless!
RT @NRA: BREAKING NEWS: @NRAPVF Endorses President @realDonaldTrump for Reelection 
RT @IngrahamAngle: Or course! They don’t want Biden to have to speak or debate or campaign.
RT @SecretsBedard: Spin Zone: 63% say media biased, agree with Bari Weiss rip on New York Times.

@Rasmussen_Poll also says 87% Republicans…
RT @TimMurtaugh: They think people won’t check the makeup of the polls.

When you start with only 24% of respondents being Republican, what…
RT @SteveGuest: "Biden liberal climate policies feared by unions in Pennsylvania"

"[Joe Biden] scares me now."

Biden’s ban on fracking wo…
RT @NRA: President Trump – you're a staunch defender of the Second Amendment, and we are proud to endorse you for a second term. 

NRA's po…
RT @TimMurtaugh: You got it.

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Again.
RT @TimMurtaugh: 𝐁𝐫𝐚𝐧𝐝𝐨𝐧 𝐉𝐮𝐝𝐝: In Joe Biden’s America, would-be immigrants, including women & children, will be encouraged to put themselve…
RT @AndrewHClark: "Mr. Biden is promising to delete the jobs of millions of Americans—at a time of soaring unemployment."

He's also pledgi…
RT @Surabees: The radical Biden/Bernie Sanders climate plan would crush unions and kill middle-class American jobs. 

Washington Examiner:…
RT @JasonMillerinDC: 2016 and 2018 exits had 33% GOP. 

Here are @CNN’s 2018 exits - a great year for Democrats - which still showed 33% GO…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: .@KimStrassel has a must-share column in the WSJ today on Joe Biden’s radical left climate plan. Read it so you finally…
RT @TimMurtaugh: Question of the day for Joe Biden
 
Since you’ll be speaking with Virginia Democrats today, do you think Gov. Ralph Northa…
RT @LaraLeaTrump: Do not be fooled, America: Joe Biden is a Trojan horse for the far-left, radical socialist democrat party. 
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @DanScavino: 
Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police. He may use different words, but when you look at his pact with Crazy Bernie, and other things, that’s what he wants to do. It would destroy America!
....Tax Returns. She’s a mess! Many books have been written about me, some good, some bad. Both happily and sadly, there will be more to come!
I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton, a war mongering fool, violating the law (he released massive amounts of Classified Information) and an NDA in order to build badly needed credibility and make a few dollars, which
....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump, a seldom seen niece who knows little about me, says untruthful things about my wonderful parents (who couldn’t stand her!) and me, and violated her NDA. She also broke the Law by givng out my....
I am proud to announce $2 million for the @Sept11Memorial in NYC! This special site ensures that the memory of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, as well as those lost in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993, will never be forgotten!
In addition to nearly $8 billion that Treasury provided tribal communities, @HUDgov is releasing an additional $25 million in #CARESAct funding today to respond to the CoronaVirus with improved housing, indoor air quality, and food pantry support.
THANK YOU to the 5 million members of the @NRA for once again entrusting me with your FULL & COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! As long as I am President, I will ALWAYS protect our Great Second Amendment, and never let the Radical Left take away your Rights, your Guns, or your Police! @NRAPVF 
RT @SkyNews: Oxford's coronavirus vaccine is reported to have shown promising results after the team discovered the jab could provide "doub…
RT @TheEconomist: Should Germany choose to ban Huawei in the autumn, a corner will have been turned. America will have used its might to hu…
RT @NextRevFNC: BOUND FOR A BREAKUP?—  AG Barr said today that the U.S. has become overly reliant on Chinese goods and services, including…
RT @seanmdav: Stanford Doctor Scott Atlas Says The Science Shows Kids Should Go Back To School 
RT @HawleyMO: This morning I have asked the Department of Justice to open a civil rights investigation into the St Louis Circuit Attorneys…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Another one of many Fake T.V. Ads, this one about the Tennessee Valley Authority, which for years has paid its top exe…
RT @seanhannity: TRUMP: ‘Joe Biden Wants to Abolish Police, ICE, Bail, Suburbs, 2nd Amendment, American Way of Life’ 
RT @seanhannity: REPORT: Ilhan Omar Paid New Husband’s Firm $1 MILLION for 2020 Election Cycle 
RT @seanhannity: REPORT: California to Release 18,000 Prisoners to Protect ‘Health and Safety of Incarcerated Population’ 
RT @seanhannity: MAYOR MELTDOWN: De Blasio Accuses NYPD Union of ‘Fomenting Hatred’ in New York City 
RT @seanhannity: NEWSOM SUED: Churches Accuse Governor of Double Standard by Restricting Services, Allowing Protests 
RT @seanhannity: ‘ANTI-AMERICAN REMARKS’: GOP Resolution Slams Omar, Says Lawmaker Advocating ‘Marxist’ Government 
RT @seanhannity: WEST COAST CHAOS: DHS Chief Says Portland Officials ‘Enabling Mob’ and ‘Violent Anarchists’ 
RT @seanhannity: Where Is Hunter? 
RT @seanhannity: DELUSIONAL DE BLASIO: Mayor Says NYC ‘Safer and Better’ With ‘Fewer People in Our Jails’ 
RT @seanhannity: HANNITY: Hate and Hysteria at the New York Times 
Another one of many Fake T.V. Ads, this one about the Tennessee Valley Authority, which for years has paid its top executive a ridiculous FORTUNE. Not run by the U.S., but I have long been fighting that crazy “salary” & its polices. Strange ad paid for (?) by “U.S. Tech Workers”.
RT @WhiteHouse: For every new regulation added, nearly EIGHT have been cut! 
RT @WhiteHouse: "We’re here today to celebrate and expand our historic campaign to rescue American workers from job-killing regulations." h…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President Trump delivers remarks on rolling back regulations 
THANK YOU @NAPOpolice and their 241,000 brave law enforcement members for a FULL & COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! I will ALWAYS back the men and women in blue, and never let you down. LAW AND ORDER will prevail! #LESM 
...be on the way, and Americans want safe streets and communities!
I am pleased to announce that Bill Stepien has been promoted to the role of Trump Campaign Manager. Brad Parscale, who has been with me for a very long time and has led our tremendous digital and data strategies, will remain in that role, while being a Senior Advisor to the...
...campaign. Both were heavily involved in our historic 2016 win, and I look forward to having a big and very important second win together. This one should be a lot easier as our poll numbers are rising fast, the economy is getting better, vaccines and therapeutics will soon...
RT @brithume: A NY Times columnist quits in disgust at what an organ of enforced orthodoxy the paper’s editorial pages have become. Read ev…
RT @NextRevFNC: 48 YEARS -- @JasonInTheHouse: Joe Biden had "48 years to do what he wanted to do. If you somehow think that he's going to b…
RT @RichLowry: Even if you are partisan Democrat, even if you are alarmed by developments in Fla, Tx, and Az, even if you oppose re-opening…
RT @foxnewsradio: On the #TreyGowdyPodcast, @TGowdySC is joined by Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman @LindseyGrahamSC to discuss what he…
RT @TGowdySC: Thank you for having me on your show @AmericaNewsroom. 
RT @gregsteube: Thanks to @realDonaldTrump, America is no longer leading from behind.

With the #USMCA we are now putting American workers…
RT @gregsteube: Thoughtful piece on the impact not returning to school this fall will have on the children of our nation.


RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump delivers remarks on infrastructure 
RT @WhiteHouse: The Trump Administration is fighting for safety, security, and rule of law.

"In the last three years, @ICEgov has deported…
RT @WhiteHouse: Attorney General Bill Barr explains the latest actions taken to disrupt and dismantle MS-13 leadership and operations. http…
RT @WhiteHouse: "In New York and Nevada, 21 MS-13 members and leaders have been indicted on charges including murder, kidnapping, and drug…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump: "We've just concluded a historic operation leading to the arrest and indictment of dozens of sa…
سه نفر در ایران برای شرکت کردن در تظاهرات محکوم به مرگ شده اند. اعدام آنها در هر لحظه قابل انتظار است. اعدام این سه نفر پیامی اسفناک به دنیا می فرستد و نباید انجام شود. #اعدام_نکنید
Three individuals were sentenced to death in Iran for participating in protests. The execution is expected momentarily. Executing these three people sends a terrible signal to the world and should not be done! #StopExecutionsInIran
Joe Biden and the Radical Left want to Abolish Police, Abolish ICE, Abolish Bail, Abolish Suburbs, Abolish the 2nd Amendment – and Abolish the American Way of Life. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!
The Biden-Sanders unity plan takes a sledgehammer to charter schools, punishing students for their zip codes. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!
Wow. The @nytimes is under siege. The real reason is that it has become Fake News. They never covered me correctly - they blew it. People are fleeing, a total mess!
Great News on Vaccines!
96% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. Thank you!
88 and 2 (really 1) in ENDORSEMENTS this election cycle, and @FoxNews was critical. Has anyone ever done so well? I doubt it! Steve D. @foxandfriends
.@GoyaFoods is doing GREAT. The Radical Left smear machine backfired, people are buying like crazy!
Has anybody seen or reviewed the written “pact” between Bernie Sanders & Sleepy Joe. It is further left than even Bernie had in mind. Open Borders, crime, really bad to cops and military - The guaranteed destruction of America. Joe never told us this. Never been so CLEAR!!!
“Joe Biden has made a lot of promises - and not gotten a lot done.” @foxandfriends  That is the understatement of the year!!!
RT @RepVernonJones: Trump is only separator between Democrats, anarchy: Rep. Vernon Jones 
RT @RepVernonJones: No mistake about it @JoeBiden has a record of failing this country.  He may not remember, but voters will!  @realDonald…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Wow, just called! @TTuberville - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incre…
Congratulations to @RonnyJackson4TX on a big win against a tough and really good opponent. Ronny will be a fantastic Congressman - Will represent the wonderful people of the Great State of Texas, and the USA, very well. Proud of you Ronny!!!
A GREAT WIN! 
RT @jsolomonReports: Breaking: Florida hospital admits its COVID positivity rate is 10x lower than first reported | Just The News 
RT @SebGorka: The news was broken on #AMERICAFirst... 

President @realDonaldTrump has selected me to be a member on the National Security…
RT @SebGorka: For all you MAGA Marauders out there who are asking, it’s OK, l’ll still be hosting my National show AMERICA First,  in addit…
RT @TrumpWarRoom: President Trump’s America First economic policies are fueling the GREAT AMERICAN COMEBACK.

A record-breaking 4.8 million…
RT @dbongino: THE KIDS BELONG BACK IN SCHOOL. 
Stop making them suffer for your own political gain.
Wow, just called! @TTuberville - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incredible people of Alabama. @DougJones is a terrible Senator who is just a Super Liberal puppet for Schumer & Pelosi. Represents Alabama poorly. On to November 3rd.
RT @SeanParnellUSA: Fantastic!! Thank you so much for your support! Welcome to #ParnellsPlatoon! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Joe Biden claims to be prioritizing ‘safety of kids’ by keeping schools closed this Fall. Yet he remains silent about children being slaughtered by violence on the streets of Democrat run cities. You & your children won’t be SAFE in Biden’s America, and neither will anyone else!
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: Joe Biden never did anything except make very bad decisions for his 47 years in Washington 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on Joe Biden's deep love for China and Biden's many gifts to the Chinese Communist Party 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: “Make no mistake, we hold China fully responsible for concealing the virus and unleashing it upo…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a press conference 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Admiral Ronny Jackson (@RonnyJackson4TX) is a very successful doctor and Navy Veteran running for Congress in #TX13. S…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tony Gonzales (@TonyGonzales4TX) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, L…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville, he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Session…
Would be so great if the Media would get the word out to the people in a “fair and balanced” way. We will win anyway, but they are a far more difficult adversary than their Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Partner!
LAW & ORDER!
RT @jsolomonReports: Trump legal adviser: Ballot harvesting unconstitutional if it creates ‘wide opportunity for fraud’ | Just The News htt…
RT @TeamTrump: White House Press Secretary @KayleighMcEnany: President @realDonaldTrump has a great record when it comes to the LGBT commun…
This is why we have so many “cases” for the media to constantly refer to! 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: “These radical politicians want to defund and abolish the police" 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on recent New York City violence: Shootings up 358%, over 300 people shot last month and NYPD ret…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump is pro-safety, pro-police and anti-crime! 
RT @TeamTrump: Vice President @Mike_Pence: Under President @realDonaldTrump and his administration, we’re going to DEFEND the police! 
RT @TeamTrump: Elected Georgia Democrat @RepVernonJones to President @realDonaldTrump on protecting ALL lives: “I stand in solidarity with…
The Economy is coming back fast! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Admiral Ronny Jackson (@RonnyJackson4TX) is a very successful doctor and Navy Veteran running for Congress in #TX13. S…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville, he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Session…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tony Gonzales (@TonyGonzales4TX) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, L…
Congratulations to my friend President @AndrzejDuda of Poland on his historic re-election! Looking forward to continuing our important work together across many issues, including defense, trade, energy, and telecommunications security!
The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS. Both are doing GREAT! The Radical Left will destroy the USA. Be careful what you wish for!
The Silent Majority will reign!
So hard to watch @FoxNews anymore. They are working so hard against the people (viewers) that got them there. Their contributors are a disaster, and all over the place. The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission, just like they have so many others. Sad, but we will WIN!
Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess. Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly, and so disrespectfully!!!
“Republican voter registration is way up, Democrat numbers are down.” @foxandfriends
Is this what you want for your President??? With no ratings, media will go down along with our great USA! 
RT @chuckwoolery: Very well said.
RT @MarkYoungTruth: So based on Dr. Fauci and the Democrats, I will need an ID card to go shopping but not to vote?
RT @chuckwoolery: There is so much evidence, yes scientific evidence, that schools should open this fall. It's worldwide and it's overwhelm…
RT @chuckwoolery: The most outrageous lies are the ones about Covid 19. Everyone is lying. The CDC, Media, Democrats, our Doctors, not all…
No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument, the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials, or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue. If they even try, an automatic 10 years in prison. Sorry!
Thank you to J.R. Majewski, a great Air Force Veteran and Trump Supporter who did a beautiful job of turning his lawn into a giant Trump Sign. Thanks also to your fantastic Ohio neighbors. We are making record progress on JOBS, etc. Big Silent Majority!!! @foxandfriends
I know many in business and politics that work out endlessly, in some cases to a point of exhaustion. It is their number one passion in life, but nobody complains. My “exercise” is playing, almost never during the week, a quick round of golf. Obama played more and much longer....
...rounds, no problem. When I play, Fake News CNN, and others, park themselves anywhere they can to get a picture, then scream “President Trump is playing golf.” Actually, I play VERY fast, get a lot of work done on the golf course, and also get a “tiny” bit of exercise. Not bad!
We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year. Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever. The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone, including many criminals, to come in!
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump visits Walter Reed National Military Medical Center


RT @MariaBartiromo: Mask Looks good!  ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ We'll talk about it tomorrow 10am et ⁦@SundayFutures⁩ ⁦@FoxNews⁩  
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is a champion for the American worker.

Under his leadership, Hispanic unemployment reached a re…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump took action this week to help every member of America’s proud Hispanic community unlock the Amer…
RT @greta: Watch ( DVR)  Full Court Press tomorrow/ Sunday - ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is my guest - for what time where you live go to 
I disagreed with doing this very small (tiny) section of wall, in a tricky area, by a private group which raised money by ads. It was only done to make me look bad, and perhsps it now doesn’t even work. Should have been built like rest of Wall, 500 plus miles. 
Do RINO’S Pat Toomey & Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama, Biden, & Company illegally spying on my campaign? Do they care if Comey, McCabe, Page & her lover, Peter S, the whole group, ran rampant, wild & unchecked - lying & leaking all the way? NO!
Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally ill-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?
2016? HERE WE GO AGAIN!
Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally I’ll-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?
What an INCREDIBLE opening by @JesseBWatters. I will put it up later for everyone to see!
RT @GreggJarrett: Pelosi Shrugs Off Mobs, ‘People Will Do What They Do’ Tells Young People Everything We Do is ‘About You’ 
RT @GreggJarrett: Trump right to commute Roger Stone’s sentence – Stone committed no crime, was framed by Mueller 
RT @GreggJarrett: Biased anti-Flynn rogue judge exceeds authority by refusing to dismiss wrongful charges 
RT @TVNewsHQ: Fox News’ @GreggJarrett on President Trump’s commutation of Roger Stone sentence: “A courageous move.. it was an unjust sente…
RT @realDonaldTrump: President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96%. Thank You!
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so wi…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election r…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ... and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children m…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I LOVE @GoyaFoods!
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Joe Biden, a little out of it, let’s face it, so he is the perfect vessel, an empty vessel, to transform the Country.…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congratulations to @seanhannity on a big night, as usual!
New documents just released reveal General Flynn was telling the truth, and the FBI knew it! @OANN
Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville, he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Sessions is a disaster who has let us all down. We don’t want him back in Washington!
RT @realDonaldTrump: At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The great @LouDobbs has a very important new book coming out shortly. “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed th…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compar…
Bring back Steele!!! 
RT @jsolomonReports: Breaking: British court rules against Christopher Steele, orders damages paid to businessmen named in dossier | Just T…
So cute! 
RT @jsolomonReports: Florida Democratic Party to return $780,000 in coronavirus aid money, after bipartisan backlash | Just The News 
Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt that never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including Biden and Obama, who spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!
RT @jsolomonReports: Trump topped Biden in 2020 primary vote turnout in key swing states like Florida, Ohio | Just The News 
RT @jsolomonReports: CDC director says closed schools pose larger public health risk for kids than reopening | Just The News 
RT @jsolomonReports: Ever have a question about Russiagate you wanted to ask me? Here’s a chance to join a VIP Q&A session and hear the ins…
RT @jsolomonReports: ‘Having the schools actually closed is a greater public health threat to the children than having the schools reopen.’…
That shouldn’t be hard. Corrupt Joe has done nothing good for Black people! 
John, among others, should have gotten a Pulitzer for exposing Russia, Russia, Russia as Fake News. He was right. The “journalists” who got them were all WRONG. Take back the Pulitzers, which have become a JOKE! 
This was just another phony hit job by the @nytimes. They had no source, they made it up. FAKE NEWS! 
This man should be extradited, tried, and thrown into jail. A sick lier who was paid by Crooked Hillary & the DNC! 
Congratulations to A.G. Barr. Law & Order! 
RT @jsolomonReports: Breaking: White House warns Railroad Retirement Board that its Chinese investments pose national security risk | Just…
RT @jsolomonReports: Cotton says Trump is right to consider TikTok ban, argues it’s a ‘threat’ to privacy | Just The News 
RT @DailyCaller: FARRELL: Samantha Power’s Massive Unmasking Effort 
RT @DailyCaller: Legendary Notre Dame Football Coach Lou Holtz Defends ‘Fighting Irish’, Says Name Originated When ND Fought The KKK 
RT @DailyCaller: ‘Offensive Nonsense’: Josh Hawley Demands Answers From NBA Over Relationship With China 
RT @DailyCaller: Elusive Government Memo Shows FBI Did Not Think Michael Flynn Intentionally Lied 
RT @DailyCaller: ‘I’m Not Apologizing’: Goya Foods CEO Refuses To Apologize For Pro-Trump Remarks 
RT @DailyCaller: Trumps Wants Schools To Reopen, And Teachers Unions Are Pushing Back. What Do Parents Want? 
RT @marcorubio: When I began to demand sanctions on #MaduroRegime back in 2014 the Obama/Biden administration fought me every step of the w…
RT @marcorubio: Back in 2014 while the #MaduroRegime was rounding up student protestors for torture & extrajudicial detention the Obama/Bid…
Congratulations to @seanhannity on a big night, as usual! 
RT @TVNewsHQ: Watch: Fox News’ @JesseBWatters compares Joe Biden to an erratic driver: “Just along for the ride: No sense of direction... w…
“Joe Biden, a little out of it, let’s face it, so he is the perfect vessel, an empty vessel, to transform the Country.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews “Destroying your dreams and ending your life.”  Ned Ryan
RT @ShannonBream: BREAKING:  POTUS commutes Roger Stone's sentence. 
 From WH:  "Roger Stone has already suffered greatly.  He was treated…
I LOVE @GoyaFoods!
RT @Southcom: “I’m proud to say the efforts are making a difference, Mr. President, & they’re saving lives.”

#SOUTHCOM’s Adm. Craig Faller…
RT @Southcom: “We’ve had 15% more disruptions -- that’s detainees, that’s drugs off the street… 122 metric tons.”

#SOUTHCOM’s Adm. Craig F…
RT @WhiteHouse: This Administration is committed to dismantling the criminal cartels that have been responsible for the deaths of thousands…
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump is at @Southcom for an update on efforts to combat the flow of illegal drugs across the Western Hemisphere.…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump receives a briefing at @Southcom 
With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend, we are forced to reschedule our Portsmouth, New Hampshire Rally at the Portsmouth International Airport at Pease. Stay safe, we will be there soon! #MAGA2020
RT @DHS_Wolf: We will always prevail. God Bless America!

... and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated, not Indoctrinated!
Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status...
On my way to U.S. Southern Command (@Southcom) in the Great State of Florida! 
“Don’t throw the American story into the river, don’t throw it into the lake. Be proud of it.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so with Mail-Ins. Rigged Election!!! 20% fraudulent ballots?
Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election results could be delayed for months. No more big election night answers? 1% not even counted in 2016. Ridiculous! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election....
Get it done or the Federal Government will come in and get it done for you! 
Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compared to In School, or On Campus, Learning. Not even close! Schools must be open in the Fall. If not open, why would the Federal Government give Funding? It won’t!!!
The great @LouDobbs has a very important new book coming out shortly. “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course Of History Forever”, looks like it will be a big bestseller. Make it Number 1 for Lou. Pre-Order now at 
RT @ScottAdamsSays: Which side ignored this story? Hmmm. Trump signs executive order expanding educational and economic opportunities to Hi…
President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96%. Thank You!
At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding. I will always stand with Michigan!
RT @WhiteHouse: "The executive order I will sign in a few moments will expand our efforts across all of federal government to deliver educa…
POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!
....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey & McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama & Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything....
...Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given...
We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear....
....Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a  delay ruling that they would never have given...
....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!
We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAIGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear....
....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey & McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama & Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything....
Courts in the past have given “broad deference”. BUT NOT ME!
The Supreme Court sends case back to Lower Court, arguments to continue. This is all a political prosecution. I won the Mueller Witch Hunt, and others, and now I have to keep fighting in a politically corrupt New York. Not fair to this Presidency or Administration!
PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT!
“We know what took place. We have already seen criminality. What is happening? Biggest political scandal of our time.” @MariaBartiromo You are 100% correct, Maria, it is a disgrace that nothing happens. Obama and Biden spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...BUT NOTHING!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
For the 1/100th time, the reason we show so many Cases, compared to other countries that haven’t done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better. We have tested 40,000,000 people. If we did 20,000,000 instead, Cases would be half, etc. NOT REPORTED!
RT @DanScavino: President Trump arrives in Guilford, Maine! #MAGA2020🇺🇸 
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Vi…
THANK YOU! #MAGA2020 

RT @realDonaldTrump: In Germany, Denmark, Norway,  Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it wo…
RT @WhiteHouse: 🇺🇸 🇲🇽 
RT @WhiteHouse: "With this signing, we pledge a close and continued friendship between the United States and Mexico." 🇺🇸 🇲🇽 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump welcomes President @lopezobrador_ to the White House! 🇺🇸 🇲🇽 

"We're truly moved that you chose…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump signs joint declaration with President @lopezobrador_ 
RT @lopezobrador_: Ofrenda en el Monumento a Abraham Lincoln, desde Washington, EE. UU. 
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER, JUST WATCH!!!
Congratulations to Jeff @VanDrewForNJ on a Great Primary run, and big VICTORY against a very tough opponent! #MAGA2020 
Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Virus Mortality Rate is among the LOWEST of any country. Shaping up for a good third quarter, and a great next year! NASDAQ at new record high, 401k’s way up!!!!
I disagree with @CDCgov on their very tough & expensive guidelines for opening schools. While they want them open, they are asking schools to do very impractical things. I will be meeting with them!!!
In Germany, Denmark, Norway,  Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it would be bad for them politically if U.S. schools open before the November Election, but is important for the children & families. May cut off funding if not open!
Death Rate from Coronavirus is down tenfold!
We will miss GREAT Country Rocker, Charlie Daniels, who passed away yesterday in Hermitage, Tennessee. My condolences to his wife Hazel, and their family. Charlie is in my thoughts and prayers. I love his music! #RIPCharlieDaniels
“COVID-19 (China Virus) Death Rate PLUNGES From Peak In U.S.” A Tenfold Decrease In Mortality. The Washington Times @WashTimes  Valerie Richardson.  We have the lowest Mortality Rate in the World. The Fake News should be reporting these most important of facts, but they don’t!
RT @TrumpStudents: ABSOLUTELY PACKED HOUSE 

for @mattgaetz and @RichardGrenell’s speech today leading up to @DonaldJTrumpJr, @kimguilfoyle…
RT @FogCityMidge: Joe Biden won’t make an HONEST campaign ad. So I did it for him! 🤣🔥
@realDonaldTrump @JoeBiden 
“President Trump champions American greatness in his Mount Rushmore speech.” @seanhannity @FoxNews
The highly respected Henry Ford Health System just reported, based on a large sampling, that HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE cut the death rate in certain sick patients very significantly. The Dems disparaged it for political reasons (me!). Disgraceful. Act now @US_FDA @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
Wall is moving fast in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and California. Great numbers at the Southern Border. Dems want people to just flow in. They want very dangerous open Borders! 
Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!
Why does the a Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!
Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats don’t want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons, not for health reasons! They think it will help them in November. Wrong, the people get it!
The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China, especially so early, therefore, far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!
SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL!!!
“Treatment with hydroxychloroquine cut the death rate significantly in sick patients hospitalized with COVID-19 – and without heart-related side-effects, according to a new study published by Henry Ford Health System. In a large-scale retrospective analysis...
...of 2,541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2, 2020 across the system’s six hospitals, the study found 13% of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26.4% not treated with hydroxychloroquine.” @HenryFordNews
BREAKING NEWS: The Mortality Rate for the China Virus in the U.S. is just about the LOWEST IN THE WORLD! Also, Deaths in the U.S. are way down, a tenfold decrease since the Pandemic height (and, our Economy is coming back strong!).
Deaths from the China Virus are down 39%, while our great testing program continues to lead the World, by FAR! Why isn’t the Fake News reporting that Deaths are way down? It is only because they are, indeed, FAKE NEWS!
They name teams out of STRENGTH, not weakness, but now the Washington Redskins & Cleveland Indians, two fabled sports franchises, look like they are going to be changing their names in order to be politically correct. Indians, like Elizabeth Warren, must be very angry right now!
NASDAQ HITS ALL TIME HIGH!
“This is no longer about peaceful protesting, this is about angry, violent, criminal mobs taking over certain (Democrat run) cities. It is a lack of political leadership in that city.” Chad Wolf @DHSgov @foxandfriends @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor
New York City and Chicago play the Sanctuary City card, where criminals are protected. Perhaps they will have to start changing their ways (and thinking!).
RT @realDonaldTrump: New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing), deaths are down, “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should r…
Has @BubbaWallace apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers & officials who came to his aid, stood by his side, & were willing to sacrifice everything for him, only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX? That & Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER!
China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World!
If you want your 401k’s  and Stocks, which are getting close to an all time high (NASDAQ is already there), to disintegrate and disappear, vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor, FAST!
RT @DanScavino: 
Statue of Frederick Douglass Torn Down in Rochester 
New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing), deaths are down, “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should report this and also, that new job numbers are setting records!
Democrats want to Defund & Abolish Police. This despite poor crime numbers in cities that they run. CRAZY!
RT @NickAdamsinUSA: THANK YOU, Mr. President for your support.

You are the greatest President of my lifetime, and writing this book was tr…
Chicago and New York City crime numbers are way up. 67 people shot in Chicago, 13 killed. Shootings up significantly in NYC where people are demanding that @NYGovCuomo & @NYCMayor act now. Federal Government ready, willing and able to help, if asked!
.@FoxNews weekend afternoons is the worst! Getting into @CNN and MSDNC territory. Watch @OANN & @newsmax instead. Much better!
.@FoxNews gladly puts up the phony suppression polls as soon as they come out. We are leading in the REAL polls because people are sick & tired of watching the Democrat run cities, in all cases, falling apart. Also, now 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Another 2016!
RT @realDonaldTrump: On this wonderful day, we celebrate our history, our heroes, our heritage, our flag, and our FREEDOM. Happy Fourth of…
Wow. @CNN got caught cold manipulating the words and meaning of my 4th of July Speech. They were brazen, desperate. Watch what happens!
On this wonderful day, we celebrate our history, our heroes, our heritage, our flag, and our FREEDOM. Happy Fourth of July to Everyone! #SaluteToAmerica 
RT @TeamTrump: Mail-In Ballots will lead to MASSIVE electoral fraud and a RIGGED 2020 Election.

We cannot let it happen! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Salute to America! 
Will be speaking at 7:00 P.M. Thank you for all of the nice comments on the Mount Rushmore speech last night!!!
Big 4th of July Air Show soon coming down the East Coast. Get ready to look up to the sky. Check local listings!
RT @paulsperry_: According to the PC Coronavirus Police, protesting America is safe, but celebrating America is unsafe #HappyFourthOfJuly
RT @paulsperry_: FUN FACT FOR PATRIOTS: Presidents Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died on the same day -- July 4, 1826 --and within five h…
Would lead to disaster! 
....The Fake News Media is being laughed at all over the world! 
RT @KimStrassel: Finally, Biden asked more precise question about monuments. Responds by saying that it would be "better" if local governme…
This would be the beginning of the end. He has no clue, but he wouldn’t be calling the shots!!! 
...And if the Federal Government wasn’t getting ready to go in, and we were all set, it would still be a squatter’s (anarchist’s) mess! 
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: July 4, Now More Than Ever - our @NRO editorial:  
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: The Flagrant Distortions and Subtle Lies of the ‘1619 Project’ - timely revival of @RichLowry setting straight the Ame…
RT @AZachParkinson: A record setting jobs report:

➡️4.5 million jobs - largest gain in history
➡️2.8 million women's jobs - largest gain i…
RT @ggreenwald: Pursuant to the new moral stricture promulgated this week by the NYT & CNN -- that Mount Rushmore is a shameful monument to…
RT @MZHemingway: Republicans ought to be extremely happy with how much that speech has left the entire media complex apoplectic with rage a…
RT @BryanDeanWright: The NY Times spent three years pushing Russian disinformation targeted against a duly elected American president that…
RT @BryanDeanWright: As patriotic Americans celebrate the nation today, remember what we are up against:

A fascist Democratic Party that w…
RT @SaraCarterDC: .@realDonaldTrump “This monument will never be desecrated. These heroes will never be defaced! Their legacy will never, e…
....In a certain way, our tremendous Testing success gives the Fake News Media all they want, CASES. In the meantime, Deaths and the all important Mortality Rate goes down. You don’t hear about that from the Fake News, and you never will. Anybody need any Ventilators???
Cases, Cases, Cases! If we didn’t test so much and so successfully, we would have very few cases. If you test 40,000,000 people, you are going to have many cases that, without the testing (like other countries), would not show up every night on the Fake Evening News.....
RT @narendramodi: I congratulate @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and the people of the USA on the 244th Independence Day of the USA. As the world's…
RT @JennPellegrino: God bless America!
RT @alexsalvinews: The Trump campaign releases an ad on what it would be like if the police were defunded:

RT @alexsalvinews: Air Force One flies over Mt. Rushmore ahead of Pres. Trump’s 4th of July speech: 
RT @GrahamLedger: Happy Fly-over 4th! (And if you don’t like the guy who’s in this airplane, then get off my social media). #WhiteHouse #Mt…
RT @scienceinvestme: @JoeBiden Seen enough of slo Joe’s past videos/statements,determined his schtick!
He elevates his voice,looks U in the…
RT @Chicago1Ray: (Trump 2024) (Documentary) 

what America will look like after (Trump) is Reelected, imagine if we don't what will collaps…
RT @Hoosiers1986: Isn’t it nice having a President in @realDonaldTrump who actually loves America?

Happy 4th of July, my friends! 🇺🇸🙏🇺🇸
RT @SierraWhiskee: It's so encouraging to know we have a President who loves America & ALL Her People! 

God Bless @realDonaldTrump & God B…
RT @SierraWhiskee: On this Saturday, the 4th of July 2020, I want to say Thank You to @realDonaldTrump for his strength and love for our Co…
RT @Hoosiers1986: I believe that @realDonaldTrump loves the United States of America more than any other President during my lifetime. 🙏🇺🇸
“Change Hearts Not Stones. There is no end to historical purification.” Great historian Doug Wead
RT @alexsalvinews: Crowds cheer as tow trucks move the disabled vans blocking the street to Pres. Trump’s speech at Mt. Rushmore: 
Thank you my friend. America loves India! 
Great! 
RT @codeofvets: One veteran at a time.
565 veterans $560K since April 17, 2020. 
RT @heretosaveday07: The New York Times endangered U.S. troops by reporting that Russia was offering bounties.What will be the price they p…
RT @heretosaveday07: The US Supreme Court on Thursday blocked a lower-court ruling that would have allowed residents of Alabama to vote by…
RT @heretosaveday07: This is a perfect example of what I’m talking about – how people are waking up and seeing exactly what BLM is really a…
RT @Eileen_Ironic: I keep trying to post this pic and it doesnt show up on my feed??? 
RT @michele46398972: @DanScavino @SeejayHallerman Couldn’t of said it better myself. President Trump is the best President our country will…
RT @yogagenie: Cancel Culture: John Wayne’s son responds to resolution calling for John Wayne Airport to be renamed ~ ~ defends allegations…
The @nytimes is a very corrupt and dishonest media outlet that suffers TDS at a level rarely seen. They will lose any remaining credibility on the evening of November 3rd. 
RT @MazurikL: Make an entrance. Make a run. THEN MAKE HISTORY! Our country needs a true Commander in Chief to navagate the chaos & attempte…
An amazing guy. Burgess is what we need in Washington, tough and smart!!! 
RT @ItoniLl: Trump congratulates Boebert for win in Colorado primary



President Trump congratulated Lauren Boebert…
RT @ReedMCooper: "Make no mistake. This left wing cultural revolution is designed to overthrow the American revolution."

Best President Tr…
RT @GenFlynn: My grandson Travis...“and JUSTICE for ALL” ⚖️❤️🙏🇺🇸 
RT @AntonioSabatoJr: I love my country I love our military I love our flag the most amazing place on earth, happy Fourth of July America !!…
Sara, the Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER 3rd. You are doing a Great job &, together with some very well known others who got it right on Russia, Russia, Russia, should get a now very discredited Pulitzer Prize. Committee should get them back from those that got it wrong! 
RT @OANN: NYC defunds police, President Trump calls for pushback 
RT @RichardGrenell: So fewer people died because they took the drug @realDonaldTrump suggested....

Thank you, POTUS for doing the right th…
RT @RichardGrenell: A very real question should be asked by real journalists: 

Did some US media outlets encourage people to NOT take a dr…
Thank you Tammy. You have quickly become a great voice for freedom! 
RT @trish_regan: “Chinese Marxists ‘put themselves into a position of monopolizing truth and how it is sought.’That is terrifyingly similar…
RT @theMRC: Happy Independence Day, from all of us at the Media Research Center! #Happy4thofJuly #HappyIndependenceDay 
RT @BrentBozell: A @newsbusters post was outrageously labeled false by a USA Today fact check intern. We appealed and their editor agreed,…
RT @BrentBozell: Get a copy of UNMASKED. It's a story of a media that set out to destroy a president and his administration but destroyed t…
RT @Franklin_Graham: .@TheHermanCain, a great American, is hospitalized with coronavirus and has requested prayer. He is a colon cancer sur…
RT @MELANIAJTRUMP: President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump disembark from Marine One. Melania looks STUNNING in Alexander McQue…
RT @ACTforAmerica: INCREDIBLE SIGHT: President @realDonaldTrump & @FLOTUS Melania Trump arrive at Mount Rushmore! #4thofJuly2020 
Jim Banks: New York Times Damaged National Security to Hurt Trump 
RT @WhiteHouse: We believe in equal opportunity, equal justice, and equal treatment for EVERY American! 
RT @WhiteHouse: "No movement that seeks to dismantle these treasured American legacies can possibly have a love of America at its heart." h…
RT @WhiteHouse: "Today, we will set history and history's record straight.

Before these figures were immortalized in stone, they were Amer…
RT @WhiteHouse: This left-wing cultural revolution will never be allowed to destroy our way of life or take away our freedom. 
RT @WhiteHouse: 244 years ago, 56 patriots gathered in Philadelphia and signed the Declaration of Independence.  

They enshrined a divine…
RT @WhiteHouse: "We gather tonight to herald the most important day in the history of nations: July 4, 1776." 
RT @WhiteHouse: TONIGHT—President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS visit Mount Rushmore and attend the fireworks celebration!

Watch LIVE at 10…
Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
Congressman @DrPaulGosar is a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA agenda! He is Strong on the Wall, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment, and he always puts America First! Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement. #AZ04 
Tony Gonzales (@TonyGonzales4TX) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, Life and the Second Amendment. We need him to defeat the Radical Left in November. Tony has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX23 
...talks big for the worker, but never delivers. Tim Ryan was a failed Presidential candidate and he keeps failing Ohio. Vote for Christina Hagan, who has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OH13 
Christina Hagan (@RepHagan) will be an incredible Congresswoman for the working families of Northeast Ohio. An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, she is Strong on Jobs, Border Security and your Second Amendment. Christina is running against an absolute failure, Tim Ryan, who...
.@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment...
....I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 
My friend, @BillHagertyTN, will be a phenomenal Senator for Tennessee! He did an incredible job for our country as Ambassador to Japan. Strong on the Economy, Trade and the Wall, Bill stands Tall for Law & Order. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congratulations, @BurgessOwens, on your impressive primary victory! A Super Bowl Champion, Burgess knows how to WIN. Strong on Life, Military, Vets and the #2A, he will always fight for Utah. Burgess has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT04 
NASDAQ HAD ITS 23RD RECORD CLOSE OF THE YEAR. OTHER EXCHANGES ARE FOLLOWING CLOSELY BEHIND. TREMENDOUS POTENTIAL REMAINING. BIG MONTHS UPCOMING. NEXT YEAR, DEPENDING ON AN ELECTION WIN, WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST EVER! @LouDobbs
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @realDonaldTrump: LAW & ORDER!
Actually, a must read. Really good! 
There is a rise in Coronavirus cases because our testing is so massive and so good, far bigger and better than any other country. This is great news, but even better news is that death, and the death rate, is DOWN. Also, younger people, who get better much easier and faster!
He cannot pass the test I “aced”. He should give it a try!!! 
RT @yalinunez: ”For Latino businesses USMCA increases the opportunities for their goods and services to access to international markets.” ⁦…
RT @ACTforAmerica: President Trump is working for the American People! 

4.8 Million Jobs Is INCREDIBLE!
RT @ACTforAmerica: America is coming back stronger than ever before!
RT @ACTforAmerica: Who do you trust most?
RT @ACTforAmerica: If you love your freedoms, stand with @realDonaldTrump!
RT @ACTforAmerica: Barack Obama & Joe Biden left federal stockpiles EMPTY & EXPOSED our country!
RT @ACTforAmerica: Imagine if the left was focused on coronavirus instead of impeachment back in January.
RT @ACTforAmerica: The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt in history! 
RT @ACTforAmerica: Nancy Pelosi’s district is in ruins while she does NOTHING but criticize President @realDonaldTrump 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW & ORDER!
Mail-In Ballots will lead to massive electoral fraud and a rigged 2020 Election. Look at all of the cases and examples that are out there right now, with the Patterson, N.J., being the most recent example. Republicans, in particular, cannot let this happen!
.@CNN should move Fredo back to the morning slot. He was rewarded for bad ratings with a much better time slot - and again got really bad ratings. Getting totally trounced by @FoxNews. Give him another shot in the morning - He would easily beat Morning Joe’s poorly rated show!
Darrell always has had my full support and complete and total Endorsement. We need him badly in Washington! 
Minnesota, we need Lacy Johnson in Washington, D.C. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He’s tough and smart - and loves Minnesota. Look at the MESS you just went through - No more. Next time call up the National Guard much sooner, and Vote for Lacy! 
The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, & JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForestNC!
The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, & JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForrest!
If I didn’t demand that National Guard Troops go into Minneapolis after watching how poorly the Liberal Democrat government was handling things, you wouldn’t even have a Minneapolis now. Once they were deployed, in force, all looting, burning and crime stopped DEAD!
“It’s a trap because they want to tank the economy and make everything look trrrible so they can make President Trump look bad in November. They want Trump to have to send in troops so it looks bad for him.”  Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book.” @seanhannity
The United States has been experiencing, believe it or not,  Historically Low Crime Rates. The last thing we will be doing is Defunding or Eliminating our many and various Police Departments or, putting an end to our great Second Amendment!
Thank you George! 
The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, & JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @danforrest
Dr. Taylor Marshall, author. “There Is A War On Christianity”.  @OANN
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump thanks American Veterans ahead of Independence Day 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Well based on Biden’s America last policies and his history with terrible trade deals @realDonaldTrump is 100% right.
RT @GOPChairwoman: In June, the U.S. economy broke records for the largest:
 
📈 Overall jobs gain
📈 Women’s job gain
📉 Decline in unemploye…
SPIRIT OF AMERICA SHOWCASE! 
We MUST lower drug prices for patients! @ChuckGrassley, @HouseGOP, and @MikeCrapo have SHOWN LEADERSHIP while @RonWyden and @SenateDems WALK AWAY!
RT @realDonaldTrump: HISTORIC JOBS NUMBERS! #MAGA 

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA 
HISTORIC JOBS NUMBERS! #MAGA 

News Conference at 9:30. Great Jobs Numbers!
RT @WhiteHouse: On October 1, 2018, President @realDonaldTrump announced that negotiations on the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement wer…
RT @Team_Mitch: Enjoy our new ad. #DefeatTheMob

Fund the fight: 
Special thank you to the @UnitedWarVets, @GrucciFireworks, @Scotts_MGro, and @FedEx — for their support of what will, without question, be a special evening! #Salute2America 
NYC is cutting Police $’s by ONE BILLION DOLLARS, and yet the @NYCMayor is going to paint a big, expensive, yellow Black Lives Matter sign on Fifth Avenue, denigrating this luxury Avenue. This will further antagonize New York’s Finest, who LOVE New York & vividly remember the....
....horrible BLM chant, “Pigs In A Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”. Maybe our GREAT Police, who have been neutralized and scorned by a mayor who hates & disrespects them, won’t let this symbol of hate be affixed to New York’s greatest street. Spend this money fighting crime instead!
Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions, just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!
“No corroborating evidence to back reports.” Department of Defense. Do people still not understand that this is all a made up Fake News Media Hoax started to slander me & the Republican Party. I was never briefed because any info that they may have had did not rise to that level
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment, which will…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Pa…
RT @SenateGOP: Since Democrats won’t speak out against the destruction happening in liberal cities across America…
 
We will. 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: THE LONE WARRIOR!
RT @EricTrump: More Voter Fraud... 
RT @EricTrump: Biden: “I'm going to get rid of most of Trump's tax cuts” - I’m sure that would be good for the economy, wages, jobs and 401…
WOW. Record Growth in 2nd Quarter! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases, Markets, and your 401k’s, will PLUNGE! Expect a Record 2021!
My Executive Order to protect Monuments, Statues etc., IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. In excess of a 10 year prison term. Please do not put yourself in jeopardy. Many people now under arrest!
The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Party. The secret source probably does not even exist, just like the story itself. If the discredited @nytimes has a source, reveal it. Just another HOAX!
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings. Morning Joke, staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC, a Concast Company, was a disaster. Even worse was the barely registering @CNN mess!
Can’t believe how badly @CNN has done in the newly released TV ratings. They are so far below @FoxNews (thank you President Trump!) that you can barely find them. Fredo should be given a big pay cut! MSDNC also did poorly. As I have long said, Fake News does not pay!!!
RT @JDRucker: A primary win by @laurenboebert, an unabashed conservative supporter of @realDonaldTrump, bodes well for patriots looking for…
“Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police.” @TIME  The Democrats would do this all over the U.S. It would be a disaster for safety & security!
Happening fast! 
I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment, which will lead to the renaming (plus other bad things!) of Fort Bragg, Fort Robert E. Lee, and many other Military Bases from which we won Two World Wars, is in the Bill!
Congratulations on a really great win! 
RT @gaye_gallops: BAD BOY BRENNAN!

HUGE!

Per His Lawyer -FLYNN TARGETED - "He Knew About the BILLIONS Brennan and Co. Were Running Off th…
RT @TeresaEdelglass: 🚨🚨1 in 5 Mail-In Ballots Rejected as Fraudulent in NJ Election🚨🚨

NJ 7/7 primary is mail-in only, machine voting for d…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @Lrihendry: Trish Regan fired from Fox News for telling the truth

Diamond & Silk fired from Fox News for telling the truth

How many mo…
RT @AnthemRespect: Most Important Video of All-Time
by @realDonaldTrump.

Why the corrupt establishment HAD TO stop Trump from being electe…
RT @AnthemRespect: @realDonaldTrump Why on earth would FoxNews hire disgraced Donna Brazile after she was caught interfering with an electi…
I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago, just look at what happened to @FoxNews. We all miss Roger!!!
RT @DiamondandSilk: We the people are with you!
RT @EricTrump: You truly are and it’s why America loves and appreciates you!
RT @TeamTrump: Thanks to unprecedented action by President @realDonaldTrump the United States leads the world in coronavirus testing!

33 m…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Joe Biden has fully embraced the radical left’s agenda:

He supports Green New Deal policies that would destroy millions…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Consumer confidence smashed expectations in June!
 
This is further proof that @realDonaldTrump’s Great American Comebac…
RT @MrMichaelBurkes: I registered 19 more Republicans today, i had several Walk Away's. They said they'll never vote Democrat again! #VoteR…
RT @Chicago1Ray: Kudos to @TheLeoTerrell for speaking up for what he sees as a takeover of his heritage by BLM/They don't speak for me " (B…
He knew the questions and still couldn’t answer them. Lamestream Media being laughed at all over the world! 
She gets fired by @CNN for giving Crooked Hillary the debate questions, and gets hired by @FoxNews. Where are you Roger Ailes? 
At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs, and others, I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas. Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE. Not fair to homeowners, I may END!
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Joe Biden's Campaign for President: A Silent Film 
RT @EricTrump: Amazing Quarter for the Markets!!! The DOW has the best quarter in 33 years (up 17.77%). Likewise the NASDAQ is up 30.63% in…
RT @RoyalFamily: Today, The Queen spoke to President Trump by telephone from Windsor Castle ahead of Independence Day in the United States…
This is a battle to save the Heritage, History, and Greatness of our Country! #MAGA2020
As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA, I become more and more angry at China. People can see it, and I can feel it!
Today’s SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW! #SchoolChoice is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom!
RT @tedcruz: These movements to abolish and dismantle police departments are stark raving nuts...

More on #Verdict with @tedcruz and @Mich…
RT @marcorubio: Ironically many of those now politicizing the recent report in the NYT questioned,disputed &/or downplayed indisputable pro…
RT @tedcruz: Father of our country. These leftist vandals hate America.
RT @tedcruz: Why is Google financially supporting people who advocate racial violence & murder?
RT @GOPLeader: RT if you support our police officers who put on their uniforms every day to carry out the oath to protect and serve our com…
RT @GOPLeader: If countless businesses can figure out how to operate safely, then it's past time that Pelosi and Democrats in Congress do t…
THE LONE WARRIOR!
RT @ChuckGrassley: .@realDonaldTrump #CommonSense Trump shld be re-elected if for no other reason than he is the first Pres to challenge Ch…
Chuck, we will get lower drug prices done. Thanks! 
RT @ODNIgov: DNI Ratcliffe issues statement on impact of unauthorized disclosures on force protection 
RT @ODNIgov: Statement by DNI Ratcliffe: "I have confirmed that neither the President nor the Vice President were ever briefed on any intel…
RT @GOPLeader: America's testing capacity is up. Positive rates are down. But we haven't yet won this fight.

Live at 10:30am ET→ @HouseGOP…
RT @GOPLeader: Dozens of Democrat Representatives are getting paid for NOT working. They are staying home, skipping votes, and still collec…
We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan. We have them on tape. They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act. Turn yourselves in now!
RT @GeraldoRivera: After enjoying big splash from sensational #RussianBounty expose, #NYT retreating to shore-admitting "the underlying int…
RT @Jim_Jordan: Congratulations to my good friend @JamesComer on being named Ranking Member of @GOPoversight. 

He’ll be a fierce watchdog…
RT @GeraldoRivera: Here’s #RussianBounty story in a nutshell:
1-US raid randomly discovers wad of cash in Afghan hut (How much? In a safe?…
RT @TeamTrump: White House Press Secretary @KayleighMcEnany on President @realDonaldTrump’s Executive Order protecting monuments: “There wi…
RT @TeamTrump: White House Press Secretary @KayleighMcEnany: President @realDonaldTrump stands against defunding our police, caving to mob…
RT @TeamTrump: White House Press Secretary @KayleighMcEnany: There is no stronger advocate for our servicemen and women than President @rea…
RT @WhiteHouse: "President @realDonaldTrump stands against defunding our great police officers, caving to mob rule, and cancel culture whic…
RT @PressSec: “Law and Order are the building blocks of the American Dream, but if anarchy prevails, this dream comes crumbling down!”

Pre…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Joe Biden oversaw an anemic recovery while he was Vice President, and he would be a disaster for the economy as Presiden…
RT @GOPChairwoman: We are witnessing the Great American Comeback!
 
Record-breaking rebound in home sales, coming on the heels of a record…
RT @RepJimBanks: I just left the White House where I was briefed by CoS @MarkMeadows and top intelligence officials. They discussed @nytime…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Senator Jim Inhofe (@InhofeForSenate) delivers for the State of Oklahoma! A U.S. Army veteran, he fights hard for our…
Senator @CoryGardner from Colorado is a GREAT Senator who always fights for the people of his state. He protects your #2A, loves our Vets and Military, and cares deeply about our BEAUTIFUL public lands. Cory has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #COSEN 
Congressman @ScottRTipton is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman @MarkwayneMullin is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border, Infrastructure…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military, Vets, and Br…
Sorry to inform the Do Nothing Democrats, but I am getting VERY GOOD internal Polling Numbers. Just like 2016, the @nytimes Polls are Fake! The @FoxNews Polls are a JOKE! Do you think they will apologize to me & their subscribers AGAIN when I WIN? People want LAW, ORDER & SAFETY!
Seattle Looters, Agitators, Anarchists and “Protestors”, are now refusing to leave the “CHOP” Zone. They have ZERO respect for Government, or the Mayor of Seattle or Governor of Washington State! Not good!
95% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. I would imagine the 5% are the RINOS’ and stupid people who don’t want to see great Judges & Supreme Court Justice’s, a new & powerful Military, Choice for Vets, 2A Protection, big RegulationCuts, Life, & much more!
Can anyone believe that Princeton just dropped the name of Woodrow Wilson from their highly respected policy center. Now the Do Nothing Democrats want to take off the name John Wayne from an airport. Incredible stupidity!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus!
This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in: United States.
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments, Statues etc., with many peop…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Fake News @ nytimes must reveal its “anonymous” source. Bet they can’t do it, this “person” probably does not even…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Corrupt Joe Biden’s team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what t…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Absentee Ballots are fine. A person has to go through a process to get and use them. Mail-In Voting, on the other hand…
RT @ABC: A couple pointed guns at protesters in St. Louis as a group marched toward the mayor's home to demand her resignation. 
Intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible, and therefore did not report it to me or @VP. Possibly another fabricated Russia Hoax, maybe by the Fake News @nytimesbooks, wanting to make Republicans look bad!!! 
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: This is going to be a consequential election for the future of the United States. We're faced with a very clear choice…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Good!!! Dept of Justice charged four people who attempted to destroy a national monument? Domestic Terrorism should nev…
Absentee Ballots are fine. A person has to go through a process to get and use them. Mail-In Voting, on the other hand, will lead to the most corrupt Election is USA history. Bad things happen with Mail-Ins. Just look at Special Election in Patterson, N.J. 19% of Ballots a FRAUD!
Corrupt Joe Biden’s team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what they are saying, & very much like their Fake News partners!
The Dems want to Defund and Abolish the Police. Not good! 
RT @WMUR9: Trump campaign opens field office in Manchester 
RT @pamarone49: What a way to open up @NHTrumpVictory HQ this morning!

Thank you @CLewandowski_, @CorkyForSenate & @mowers for firing up o…
RT @CorkyForSenate: So glad to be with @CLewandowski_, @mowers, and the @NHTrumpVictory Team at the Manchester Office Opening 🎉 this mornin…
RT @SebRougemont: “There are only a few real battleground states in the country. New Hampshire is one of those, and it's a place where we k…
RT @NewHampJournal: “Dollar for dollar, New Hampshire is the best investment the Trump campaign can make.” -- @CLewandowski_ 


RT @WhiteHouse: Every child deserves a forever family, and President @realDonaldTrump is championing their cause.

His decisive action prot…
RT @GOPChairwoman: While Joe Biden condones the destruction of our countries monuments, @realDonaldTrump is holding those accountable for t…
RT @DanScavino: “Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA WEALTHY AGAIN...

WE WILL MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN...

WE WILL MAKE AMERICA PROUD AGAIN...…
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @DanScavino: “THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE!”
President @realDonaldTrump 
RT @DanScavino: President Trump in Wisconsin today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #MAGA 
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @kilmeade: TONIGHT the newest episode of "What Made America Great" premieres at 10pm ET on @FoxNews Channel! I visited the White House t…
THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL!!! We will win this Election big. Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country, and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person!
RT @NotHimNotAtAll: @Michael_Rae @RichardGrenell Ted Lieu is a friend and received donations from Ed Buck. The guy who was bringing in youn…
The Fake News @ nytimes must reveal its “anonymous” source. Bet they can’t do it, this “person” probably does not even exist! 
Have a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church. The wonderful Pastor @robertjeffress will be joined by our GREAT @VP Mike Pence!
Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments, Statues etc., with many people being arrested all over our Country, the Vandalism has completely stopped. Thank you!
Corrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he “would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants”. This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA. @foxandfriends
Funny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia, which was obviously written by his handlers. Russia ate his and Obama’s lunch during their time in office, so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8. U.S. was weak on everything, but especially Russia!
Thank you to the great people of The Villages. The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats will Fall in the Fall. Corrupt Joe is shot. See you soon!!! 
...Nobody’s been tougher on Russia than the Trump Administration. With Corrupt Joe Biden & Obama, Russia had a field day, taking over important parts of Ukraine - Where’s Hunter? Probably just another phony Times hit job, just like their failed Russia Hoax. Who is their “source”?
Nobody briefed or told me, @VP Pence, or Chief of Staff @MarkMeadows about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians, as reported through an “anonymous source” by the Fake News @nytimes. Everybody is denying it & there have not been many attacks on us.....
RT @KerriKupecDOJ: “The complaint, unsealed today, alleges that on June 22, 2020, the four men along with other unidentified individuals, d…
This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder. Learn more.
Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus!
RT @TONYxTWO: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @seanhannity @CNN 
RT @TONYxTWO: @realDonaldTrump 
RT @TONYxTWO: The HYPOCRISY is Unbelievable! 💥

MUST WATCH & RT!!!! 👇🏼 
....Obamacare is a joke! Deductible is far too high and the overall cost is ridiculous. My Administration has gone out of its way to manage OC much better than previous, but it is still no good. I will ALWAYS PROTECT PEOPLE WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS,ALWAYS!!!
Now that the very expensive, unpopular and unfair Individual Mandate provision has been terminated by us, many States & the U.S. are asking the Supreme Court that Obamacare itself be terminated so that it can be replaced with a FAR BETTER AND MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE ALTERNATIVE.....
RT @realDonaldTrump: If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid, the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance. This is b…
RT @realDonaldTrump: MANY people in custody, with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal Property in Lafayette Park. 10 year…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump has signed an executive order to ensure anyone that destroys or vandalizes a monument, memorial,…
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump’s administration is holding violent rioters accountable for their disgraceful actions. 
RT @Lrihendry: Been out all day putting Trump stickers on rioters cars, then sitting back watching them destroy each other’s cars. 

I have…
RT @NatalieJHarp: .@JoeBiden didn’t pass VA Accountability or Choice. He didn’t give us the Right to Try—& he had decades to get it done!…
RT @Lrihendry: IT’S TIME TO #PardonRogerStone 

As Prosecuting Attorneys Resign, Over 110,000 Sign Petition to Pardon Roger Stone via @nati…
RT @AnthemRespect: The Speaker of the pandering House just referred to George Floyd as George Kirby.

She wants to name the bill after Geor…
RT @Lrihendry: The silent majority are watching all this insanity perpetrated by Democrats and plan to take action on November 3, 2020. #Tr…
RT @JennPellegrino: VP: US has reached 30 million tests and is now conducting 500,000 a day.
Do not believe the Fake News Media. Oklahoma speech had the highest Saturday television ratings in @FoxNews history. @seanhannity dominated T.V. with my interview on Thursday night, more than @CNN & MSDNC COMBINED. These are the real polls, the Silent Majority, not FAKE POLLS!
....We will win the Election against Corrupt Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Schumer. We will save the Supreme Court, your 2nd Amendment, permanent damage from the ridiculous Green New Deal, and you from massive Tax Hikes. Also, our Heritage, History and LAW & ORDER!
RT @GOPChairwoman: The enthusiasm is undeniable.

@realDonaldTrump’s town hall on Fox News drew over 5 MILLION viewers, beating MSNBC and C…
I just had the privilege of signing a very strong Executive Order protecting American Monuments, Memorials, and Statues - and combatting recent Criminal Violence. Long prison terms for these lawless acts against our Great Country!
Big WIN in Texas on Mail-In Ballots!
I was going to go to Bedminster, New Jersey, this weekend, but wanted to stay in Washington, D.C. to make sure LAW & ORDER is enforced. The arsonists, anarchists, looters, and agitators have been largely stopped...
...I am doing what is necessary to keep our communities safe — and these people will be brought to Justice!
MANY people in custody, with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal Property in Lafayette Park. 10 year prison sentences! @FBIWFO 
RT @SteveGuest: Biden slammed after wrongly saying ‘we have over 120 million dead from COVID’


RT @SteveGuest: Do you want more people to see Joe Biden forget Obama's name? 


He has no idea, so the answer is yes!!! 
Coronavirus deaths are way down. Mortality rate is one of the lowest in the World. Our Economy is roaring back and will NOT be shut down. “Embers” or flare ups will be put out, as necessary!
RT @GOPChairwoman: Joe Biden finally left the basement, and here is the "welcome" he received.
 
Pennsylvania voters support @realDonaldTru…
RT @Scavino45: President Trump returns to the White House after a GREAT day in Wisconsin.... 
I was honored to be in Wisconsin today, on the edge of beautiful Lake Michigan, with the legendary workers of Marinette Marine! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid, the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance. This is beyond a normal mistake. Why isn’t the media reporting it? 
RT @WhiteHouse: "This contract will support your 1,500 full-time employees, and it will also enable you to hire another 1,000 people all ac…
RT @WhiteHouse: Today represents a victory for Wisconsin, for our military, and for the entire Nation. 🇺🇸 
RT @WhiteHouse: "For more than 75 years, the workers of this shipyard have built some 1,500 of the finest and most fearsome vessels ever to…
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President Trump delivers remarks at Fincantieri Marinette Marine 
Landing in Wisconsin. Launching big new ship contract!
LAW & ORDER!
Told that @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio wants to paint the fabled & beautiful Fifth Avenue, right in front of Trump Tower/Tiffany, with a big yellow Black Lives Matter sign. “Pigs in a Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”, referring to killing Police, is their chant. NYC Police are furious!
Black Lives Matter leader states, “If U.S. doesn’t give us what we want, then we will burn down this system and replace it”. This is Treason, Sedition, Insurrection!
The Obama/Biden Administration is the most CORRUPT in HISTORY! 
When are the thugs, looters, and anarchists moving out of the so-called “Autonomous Zone” in Seattle? Get going!
The number of ChinaVirus cases goes up, because of GREAT TESTING, while the number of deaths (mortality rate), goes way down. The Fake News doesn’t like telling you that!
Failed presidential candidate (thank you President Trump!), Carly Fiorina, said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden. She lost so badly to me, twice in one campaign, that she should be voting for Joe. No complaints!!!
The Fake News and phony Fake Suppression Polls have never been worse. The Lamestream Media has gone CRAZY!
A @FoxNews commentator just ripped me with lies, with nobody defending. They talked about the “friendly” protesters (they set the Church on fire the day before. They were anything but friendly), and how I stood and held the Bible upside down - it wasn’t upside down. @edhenry
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on the destroying of statues: “Not going to happen while I’m here.” 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: The 20 most dangerous American cities are Democrat run 
RT @Mike_Pence: Today, President @realDonaldTrump signed a historic child welfare executive order, bringing all adoption partners to the ta…
RT @WhiteHouse: The left is determined to tear down America's cultural heritage and history. 

Not on President @realDonaldTrump's watch. h…
RT @WhiteHouse: Achieving the best outcomes for vulnerable children and families in America is a priority for both President @realDonaldTru…
RT @IngrahamAngle: This is beautiful and will have an enormously positive impact on both foster children and the parents who want to adopt…
“How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again, The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump.” By Horace Cooper  A great new book!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!
RT @realDonaldTrump: A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped,…
RT @realDonaldTrump: BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of ca…
It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine. Enjoy!
Very sad to see States allowing roving gangs of wise guys, anarchists & looters, many of them having no idea what they are doing, indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past. Some are great works of art, but all represent our History & Heritage, both....
....the good and the bad. It is important for us to understand and remember, even in turbulent and difficult times, and learn from them. Knowledge comes from the most unusual of places!
Pres. Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine. Now it’s back, bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. Enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing! Make lots of money!
Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!
LAW & ORDER!
Is James Comey and his band of Dirty Cops going to apologize to General Michael Flynn (and many others) for what they have done to ruin his life? What about Robert Mueller and his Angry Democrat Cronies - Are they going to say, SO SORRY? And what about Obama & Biden?
RT @GOPLeader: The President tweets that people should stop breaking the law and Twitter moves to censor him.

The left is uncomfortable th…
RT @GOPLeader: The left-wing mob presents a serious threat to the American way of life. They won’t stop at statues. They've already torched…
Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!
A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! 
It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped, and now!
Tomorrow @SenatorTimScott and the Senate Republicans have a Great Bill, the #JUSTICEAct, up for a vote. Will be great for both people of color and police - in fact, has major police support. Rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe! Hope to sign it into law ASAP!
BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of care BEFORE they enter the hospital. Because of my action, they will. This may very well be bigger than healthcare itself. Congratulations America!
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS delivers an address to young Americans 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: We prevented a coronavirus catastrophe at the Southern Border 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is in Yuma, Arizona, to commemorate the completion of 200+ miles of border wall! 
RT @KellyannePolls: #SchoolChoice gives parents the power to pick a better educational solution for their children. 

All Kids Matter. 

.@…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump will not let thugs destroy America's monuments! 
RT @TeamTrump: Governor of Arizona Doug Ducey to President @realDonaldTrump on Border Security: “This is the first administration that has…
RT @TeamTrump: Rep. Debbie Lesko to President @realDonaldTrump on Border Security: “There is such a clear difference between you and your f…
Cases up only because of our big number testing. Mortality rate way down!!! 
We broke them up last night, fast. Numerous are, and will be, in prison! 
RT @AllenWest: Just a basic perusal of the #BlackLivesMatter website will tell you all you need to know about their true agenda. Here's my…
Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary.  He is a strong, loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job! We must WIN this election! Follow him at @JHoganGidley.
....Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is with us in all ways, a very high 72% Approval Rating. So, if he is in charge along with V.P. etc., and with us doing all of these really good things, why doesn’t the Lamestream Media treat us as they should? Answer: Because they are Fake News!
We did a great job on CoronaVirus, including the very early ban on China, Ventilator production, and Testing, which is by far the most, and best, in the World. We saved millions of U.S. lives.! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. But they do give....
There will never be an “Autonomous Zone” in Washington, D.C., as long as I’m your President. If they try they will be met with serious force!
Cases are going up in the U.S. because we are testing far more than any other country, and ever expanding. With smaller testing we would show fewer cases!
.....This action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!
I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument, statue or other such Federal property in the U.S. with up to 10 years in prison, per the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act, or such other laws that may be pertinent.....
Washed up Creepster John Bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail, money seized, for disseminating, for profit, highly Classified information. Remember what they did to the young submarine sailor, but did nothing to Crooked Hillary. I ended up pardoning him - It wasn’t fair!
RT @TwitterMoments: “I think it was unquestionably a success for the United States because the President protected, defended American inter…
RT @YonhapNews: (2nd LD) Cheong Wa Dae says much of Bolton's memoir on Korea 'distorted,' urges U.S. gov't to address such 'dangerous' case…
RT @koreatimescokr: Chung Eui-yong, director of national security at Cheong Wa Dae, said in a statement that much of it reflects what Bolto…
See, Bolton broke the law. Classified Information! 
Interesting guy. “Bolton is really dumb”.  True, and he broke the law! 
Numerous people arrested in D.C. for the disgraceful vandalism, in Lafayette Park, of the magnificent Statue of Andrew Jackson, in addition to the exterior defacing of St. John’s Church across the street. 10 years in prison under the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act. Beware!
Looks what’s going on here. Where are the protesters? Was this man arrested? 
So terrible! 
The China Trade Deal is fully intact. Hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the Agreement!
I brought back Cars & Jobs. Will do it again for Michigan, & everywhere else!!! 
RT @CortesSteve: Scenes from Antifastan:

A bunch of white extremists enforce racial segregation...in the name of tolerance...ish...


RT @ScottAdamsSays: Trump just won 2020. (And Shaun King isn’t wrong about this, by the way. White Jesus never made sense to me. But I’m no…
A really wonderful book. Buy it and enjoy! 
WOW! The Trump Rally gives @FoxNews the “LARGEST SATURDAY NIGHT AUDIENCE IN ITS HUSTORY”. Isn’t it amazing that virtually nobody in the Lamestream Media is reporting this rather major feat!
Rather hard to believe that @FoxNews didn’t know that the Border Wall is well under construction, fully financed, & already over 200 miles long? Will soon be finished! They just reported that “it is something that Dems are unlikely to budge on in this election year”.  @BretBaier
Could somebody please explain to reporter Doug Mckelway of @FoxNews that the Border Wall has long been under construction, the battle (war) is won, the Dems have FINALLY given in. In fact, I will be in Arizona tomorrow to celebrate the 212th plus mile of completion. @BretBaier
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
“Trump rally gives Fox News largest Saturday night audience in its history” 
Senator Jim Inhofe (@InhofeForSenate) delivers for the State of Oklahoma! A U.S. Army veteran, he fights hard for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, and our terrific Farmers. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OKSEN 
Congressman @FrankDLucas is working hard for Oklahoma. He strongly supports our Great Farmers, Small Businesses and Vets, and he will always fight for Life and the Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK03 
Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military, Vets, and Brave Law Enforcement, and he will always stand for Life and the Second Amendment! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK04
Congressman @MarkwayneMullin is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border, Infrastructure, Second Amendment and our Brave Law Enforcement. Markwayne has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK02 
Congressman Kevin Hern (@krhern) is a tremendous advocate for the State of Oklahoma! A successful businessman, he is Strong on the Wall, our Military and the Second Amendment. Kevin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK01 
If people can go out and protest, riot, break into stores, and create all sorts of havoc, they can also go out and VOTE — and keep our Election Honest. With millions of mail-in ballots being sent out, who knows where they are going, and to whom?
Unlike the radical left, I will ALWAYS stand against socialism and with the people of Venezuela. My Admin has always stood on the side of FREEDOM and LIBERTY and against the oppressive Maduro regime! I would only meet with Maduro to discuss one thing: a peaceful exit from power!
Because of MAIL-IN BALLOTS, 2020 will be the most RIGGED Election in our nations history - unless this stupidity is ended. We voted during World War One & World War Two with no problem, but now they are using Covid in order to cheat by using Mail-Ins!
I gave John Bolton, who was incapable of being Senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko, and was not liked, a chance. I always like hearing differing points of view. He turned out to be grossly incompetent, and a liar.   See judge’s opinion. CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!
RIGGED 2020 ELECTION: MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES, AND OTHERS. IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES!
Barr: Mail-in Ballots ‘Absolutely Opens the Floodgates to Fraud‘ 
Our Coronavirus testing is so much greater (25 million tests) and so much more advanced, that it makes us look like we have more cases, especially proportionally, than other countries. My message on that is very clear!
Ridiculous, don’t do it! 
Actually, that would be a big improvement - and she would win! 
RT @WashTimes: Trump to mark completion of border wall's 200th mile


“His (President Trump’s) policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic.” @HeyTammyBruce @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews  True, we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again - Jobs & Growth!!!
A Democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for African Americans! @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews
The Democrat House wants to pass a Bill this week that will destroy our police. Republican Congressmen & Congresswomen will hopefully fight hard to defeat it. We must protect and cherish our police, they keep us safe!
Republicans are the party of LIBERTY, EQUALITY and JUSTICE for ALL. We are the Party of Abraham Lincoln and the party of LAW AND ORDER! 
Joe Biden’s record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal, calamity and failure — he NEVER did ANYTHING! 
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE! #MAGA 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Any protesters, anarchists, agitators, looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand, you will not b…
RT @realDonaldTrump: “THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE.”
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @BreitbartNews: "They are like that one girlfriend you had that's just an idiot that believes every lie some guy tells her at a bar." ht…
RT @BreitbartNews: REVEALED: An anti-deportation group partnering with George Soros's Open Society Foundation is one of the groups behind t…
RT @BreitbartNews: President Trump's justice department is defending women's sports from an Idaho lawsuit by transgender activists, and fro…
....Bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing, with a really big price to pay. He likes dropping bombs on people, and killing them. Now he will have bombs dropped on him!
BIG COURT WIN against Bolton. Obviously, with the book already given out and leaked to many people and the media, nothing the highly respected Judge could have done about stopping it...BUT, strong & powerful statements & rulings on MONEY & on BREAKING CLASSIFICATION were made....
.....who was all washed up until I brought him back and gave him a chance, broke the law by releasing Classified Information (in massive amounts). He must pay a very big price for this, as others have before him. This should never to happen again!!!
Wow, I finally agree with failed political consultant Steve Schmidt, who called Wacko John Bolton “a despicable man who failed in his duty to protect America.” Also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again. So true! Plain and simple, John Bolton,....
RT @charliekirk11: This man is NOT black according to Joe Biden

Maybe Joe just doesn’t want him spreading the TRUTH about the Democrat Par…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Joe Biden’s rally. ZERO enthusiasm! 
Watch Live: Trump Supporters Descend on Tulsa on Eve of Trump Rally 
The D.C. Police are not doing their job as they watch a statue be ripped down & burn. These people should be immediately arrested. A disgrace to our Country!  @MayorBowser
RT @thejtlewis: Joe Biden is reportedly deciding between Kamala Harris and Susan Rice to be his running mate. 

The Democrats have had 4 ye…
RT @JoeTalkShow: Susan Rice lied her ass off over and over about what caused the terrorist attack in #Benghazi.  She should know about tras…
RT @charliekirk11: Susan Rice is a proven liar and a disgrace to our country.
RT @ErrolWebber: The Biden campaign can't decide between Kamala Harris and Susan Rice for his Vice President. When those are your choices,…
RT @LbrtyNow: @UrbanAchievr Susan Rice knowingly lied to America about “the video” - Obama and Clinton abandon our Patriots, Rice abaondon…
Informed Dr. Fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with NFL Football. Forced Democrat run Minnesota to bring in the National Guard & end rioting & looting after seeing the destruction & crime in Minneapolis. 100% successful! Waiting to hear from Dem run Washington State...
....as to whether they want help in taking back Seattle. Ready to move quickly! Damage to various Democrat run Cities & States, including statue demolition, should not be allowed to happen. Ready to solve problem quickly! Federal Government is Ready, Willing & Able!@TuckerCarlson
@TuckerCarlson
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football. They are planning a very safe and controlled opening. However, if they…
Joe Biden’s rally. ZERO enthusiasm! 
Why are Democrats and unions working against life-changing school choice for underserved children? President Trump supports SCHOOL CHOICE! #SchoolChoiceNow 
Senator Mitch McConnell (@Team_Mitch) always delivers for the people of Kentucky, who will hopefully re-elect their powerful Senate Majority Leader. Mitch has helped us Make America Great Again, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KYSEN 
Congressman @BrettGuthrie fights for the Commonwealth of Kentucky! A West Point graduate, he is Strong on Jobs, Reducing Taxes, and our Great Military and Vets. Brett has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY02 
.@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
Congressman Hal Rogers is doing a tremendous job for the people of Kentucky! He is Strong on the Border, Life and always Protects your Second Amendment. Hal has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY05

Congressman @JamesComer is working hard for the people of Kentucky! He fights for his fellow Farmers, and is Strong on Trade, Cutting Taxes, and the Second Amendment. Jamie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY01

I just spoke to the highly respected Mayor of Tulsa, G.T. Bynum, who informed me there will be no curfew tonight or tomorrow for our many supporters attending the #MAGA Rally. Enjoy yourselves - thank you to Mayor Bynum! @gtbynum
Tony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football. They are planning a very safe and controlled opening. However, if they don’t stand for our National Anthem and our Great American Flag, I won’t be watching!!!
Why are the Democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads. They should be called out. They did nothing when they had the chance. I have done FAR more than any President in first 3 1/2 years!
The Democrats are doing totally false advertising. They have done NOTHING for years, including when Sleepy Joe was V.P., and they now have a Fake ad that my China Deal is losing us jobs. Opposite, & China is paying us $BILLIONS. Also, I LOVE Seniors & protect Preexisting C’s.
Big crowds and lines already forming in Tulsa. My campaign hasn’t started yet. It starts on Saturday night in Oklahoma!
If the Dems get in, our Country is in big trouble! 
RT @henryrodgersdc: WOAH: Terry McAuliffe recorded saying Dems prefer Biden stay 'in the basement' 
“THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE.”
RT @realDonaldTrump: 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Any protesters, anarchists, agitators, looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand, you will not be treated like you have been in New York, Seattle, or Minneapolis. It will be a much different scene!
.@FoxNews is out with another of their phony polls, done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016. Watch what happens in November. Fox is terrible!
...ruling & request of yesterday. I have wanted to take care of DACA recipients better than the Do Nothing Democrats, but for two years they refused to negotiate - They have abandoned DACA. Based on the decision the Dems can’t make DACA citizens. They gained nothing! @DHSgov
The Supreme Court asked us to resubmit on DACA, nothing was lost or won. They “punted”, much like in a football game (where hopefully they would stand for our great American Flag). We will be submitting enhanced papers shortly in order to properly fulfil the Supreme Court’s.....
Great things coming to Arkansas! $40M to be awarded to @myARDOT from @USDOT to reconstruct and improve US 67 in @PulaskiAR and Lonoke Counties. Will reduce congestion and travel time – a huge boost for economic growth!
$40M proposed to @AnokaCounty in Minnesota from @USDOT for the Ramsey Gateway Project on US Highway 10/169. Will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area!
Designating $38.1 million to @MaineDOT1 from @USDOT to replace SEVEN bridges and improve FIVE locations in Kennebec, Oxford, Penobscot, and Somerset Counties. Very important for keeping our bridges safe and people moving in the Great State of Maine!
$55.15M will be on its way to @KYTC to widen @mtnparkway from two lanes to four lanes between the KY 191 overpass and the KY 205 interchange. Must keep the people of Kentucky moving efficiently and safely!
Big news for @EagleCounty, Colorado! $60.7M proposed to @ColoradoDOT from @USDOT for improvements and enhanced safety to the Vail Pass on I-70, between miles 180-190. HUGE for safe travel through the region!
I’m designating $56.8M to @DelawareDOT to construct a redesigned interchange at I-95 and SR 896 in New Castle County. Huge improvement for traffic flow and safety in this important area!
Floridians will get $10M grant from @USDOT for @MyFDOT’s I-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and important messages in real time! Will make getting BACK TO WORK easier. Great work @GovRonDeSantis!
$71.5M will be headed to @MississippiDOT from @USDOT to finish the Greenville Bypass in Washington County. So important for economic growth in the area and reducing travel times through Western Mississippi on US 82!
I’m proposing a $50M award to @nevadadot from @USDOT to reconstruct the Tropicana Avenue/I-15 interchange. So important for improving and reducing traffic in this booming area!
$25M coming your way @NCDOT! The great state of North Carolina is set to be awarded @USDOT funding to help complete highway improvements in the US 74 corridor in Cleveland, Columbus, and Robeson Counties. Huge for travel and growth in the area!
.@RIDOTNews is set to be awarded $65 million from @USDOT to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the RI-246 corridor – greatly improving travel through the region!
.@Port_Houston in Texas is set to receive $79.5M from @USDOT for much-needed restoration and upgrades to the Barbours Cut Container Terminal. This will increase capacity and efficiency of the terminal. GREAT for economic growth in this busy region!
Proposing $73.7M to @wsdot for the Puget Sound Gateway Program from @USDOT. Will build “missing links” to the Ports and improve commerce and safety – BIG boost to the economy and JOBS!
Port Tampa Bay in Florida will be awarded $19.9 million from @USDOT to improve Hooker’s Point container facility, adding much-needed capacity to keep commerce moving and allowing the region to GROW!
.@TulsaPort, $6.2M is coming your way from @USDOT to bring major upgrades and improve rail transportation to the port. HUGE for JOBS and the economy in the region!
.@SCDOTPress will have $34.6M headed its way for a new interchange on I-77 in Rock Hill! This will facilitate access to a 234-acre development site at Exit 81. HUGE innovation and development coming to the area! @RockHillSCCity @YorkCountySC @YorkCountySCGov
Great things headed to Tennessee! $11.2M is headed to @myTDOT from @USDOT to install fiber optic communications on I-40 from Memphis to Nashville. This is HUGE for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it!
.@WVDOT will be awarded $12 million from @USDOT to help finish the Corridor H project between Kerens and Parsons, key to a booming economy in the Great State of West Virginia!
I’m proud to propose a $6.8M award to @WisconsinDOT from @USDOT to complete the last phase of the Merrimac Bridge rehabilitation – more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over Lake Wisconsin!
Great news for Louisiana! $135M proposed to @La_DOTD from @USDOT to build 8.3 miles of elevated highway from Leeville Bridge to Golden Meadow to protect access to the area against flooding.
Proud to propose a $25M award to @MichiganDOT to replace and expand the Blue Water Bridge port of entry in @Port_Huron. CRITCAL for security, operations, and commerce at our country’s third BUSIEST U.S.-Canada border crossing!
It was not Ambassador Lighthizer’s fault (yesterday in Committee) in that perhaps I didn’t make myself clear, but the U.S. certainly does maintain a policy option, under various conditions, of a complete decoupling from China. Thank you!
RT @DanScavino: There is nothing worse than a disgruntled, arrogant, egotistical, and all around miserable warmonger who gets fired from th…
First thing the anarchists did upon taking over Seattle was “BUILD A WALL”. See, I was ahead of our times!
Extraordinary rescue yesterday by our brave and “Semper Paratus” U.S. Coast Guard. Our rapid response and the vessel’s survival equipment allowed these four mariners to see their loved ones again. Well done @USCG! 
...Based on decisions being rendered now, this list is more important than ever before (Second Amendment, Right to Life, Religous Liberty, etc.) – VOTE 2020!
I will be releasing a new list of Conservative Supreme Court Justice nominees, which may include some, or many of those already on the list, by September 1, 2020. If given the opportunity, I will only choose from this list, as in the past, a Conservative Supreme Court Justice...
As President of the United States, I am asking for a legal solution on DACA, not a political one, consistent with the rule of law. The Supreme Court is not willing to give us one, so now we have to start this process all over again.
The DACA decision, while a highly political one, and seemingly not based on the law, gives the President of the United States far more power than EVER anticipated. Nevertheless, I will only act in the best interests of the United States of America!
The recent Supreme Court decisions, not only on DACA, Sanctuary Cities, Census, and others, tell you only one thing, we need NEW JUSTICES of the Supreme Court. If the Radical Left Democrats assume power, your Second Amendment, Right to Life, Secure Borders, and...
...Religious Liberty, among many other things, are OVER and GONE!
Do you get the impression that the Supreme Court doesn’t like me?
These horrible & politically charged decisions coming out of the Supreme Court are shotgun blasts into the face of people that are proud to call themselves Republicans or Conservatives. We need more Justices or we will lose our 2nd. Amendment & everything else. Vote Trump 2020!
RT @DailyCaller: In his dissent in the SCOTUS DACA case Justice Thomas says The decision is “An effort to avoid a politically controversial…
....He didn’t want Bolton anywhere near him. Bolton’s dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with North Korea, even now. I asked him, “what the hell were you thinking?” He had no answer and just apologized. That was early on, I should have fired him right then & there!
When Wacko John Bolton went on Deface the Nation and so stupidly said that he looked at the “Libyan Model” for North Korea, all hell broke out. Kim Jong Un, who we were getting along with very well, went “ballistic”, just like his missiles - and rightfully so....
Bolton’s book, which is getting terrible reviews, is a compilation of lies and made up stories, all intended to make me look bad. Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made, pure fiction. Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!
“It’s a terrible situation, and I blame the leaders of those cities. The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office, and to be honest with you, he’s done one hell of a job.” @HerschelWalker @seanhannity @FoxNews
“Seattle’s CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal (Democrat) cities caving to lawlessness.” @seanhannity @FoxNews
.@NBCNews is facing considerable backlash for pushing @Google to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform.
RT @MaxBlumenthal: John Bolton, a notoriously mendacious enemy of all living beings on the planet, is discovering what every other great Re…
“BLITZ, Trump Will Smash the Left and Win”, by David Horowitz. Amazon #1 Bestseller. Call 800-691-0022  Hot book, great author!
Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!
President Bush fired him also. Bolton is incompetent! 
Wacko John Bolton’s “exceedingly tedious”(New York Times) book is made up of lies & fake stories. Said all good about me, in print, until the day I fired him. A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. Never had a clue, was ostracized & happily dumped. What a dope!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government. He “bungled” everything that he touched!
RT @WhiteHouse: After years of scandal and neglect, the Trump Administration has reorganized the Department of Veterans Affairs around the…
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
RT @TONYxTWO: @thejtlewis @JoeBiden 
RT @thejtlewis: “Trump isn’t going to accept the 2020 election results,” shout the people who still haven’t accepted the 2016 election resu…
RT @thejtlewis: With the utmost respect, I thank President @realDonaldTrump for his leadership on the Federal School Safety Report, and for…
A GREAT woman. Her son is looking down from heaven & is very proud of his wonderful & loving mom!!! 
RT @JaRonSmith45: “What speaks louder than anything are the words of the executive order. It accounted for ways that we can reform our syst…
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @SecondLady: Congratulations to Kathy Lueders, a trailblazing engineer and dedicated public servant who has been selected as the first w…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it sho…
RT @Jim_Jordan: Why the double standard?
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters & Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has be…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!
True! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do N…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is…
RT @IvankaTrump: Happy Birthday ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩! Love you! 💛 
RT @EricTrump: Jupiter Florida Trump 2020 Boat Parade!!!  Happy Birthday @realDonaldTrump 
.@LyndaBennettNC has my Complete & Total Endorsement. She is a great fighter & ally in North Carolina. Lynda is Strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets & 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. We need Lynda to help DRAIN THE SWAMP! VOTE EARLY!
Congressman @LeeZeldin is a fighter for New York! He serves our Country in the Army Reserve & works hard for our Vets & First Responders. He’ll stand with our Police against Radical Liberal attempts to defund them. Lee has my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
RT @WhiteHouse: "To go forward, we must seek cooperation—not confrontation. We must build upon our heritage—not tear it down." 
RT @WhiteHouse: "In order to make real progress on public safety, we have to break old patterns of failure.

Many of the same politicians n…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump announces "historic action to deliver a future of safety and security for Americans of every rac…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump stands against radical efforts to defund police departments. 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Remarks on Safe Policing for Safe Communities 
Wow! May retail sales show biggest one-month increase of ALL TIME, up 17.7%. Far bigger than projected. Looks like a BIG DAY FOR THE STOCK MARKET, AND JOBS!
RT @realDonaldTrump: LAW & ORDER!
So true! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: “We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and poli…
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO” 
“Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO” 
“We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action.” Chetan Ahya, Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley
LAW & ORDER!
RT @realDonaldTrump: THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!
Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it shows more cases. Without testing, or weak testing, we would be showing almost no cases. Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad, but good to have!!!
The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters & Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies. Won’t work!
Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!
I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. Bad Trade Deals, Endless Wars, you name it, he has shown a complete lack of leadership. He’s weak & shot!!!
Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: RT if you want to see General Flynn sue the FBI and it’s corrupt actors for all they’re worth and at the same time brin…
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!
Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do Nothing Democrat leadership,  yet these same weak leaders become RADICAL when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working, tax paying citizens!
Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness & ineptitude play politically. The Mayor & Governor should be ashamed of themselves. Easily fixed!
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @DeptofDefense: First to fight! Happy birthday to the @USArmy. Fighting ‘til the battle is won. Thank you for rolling along for 245 year…
RT @USArmy: Today, we recognize 245 years of bravery, commitment, skill and answering the call to serve. 

We are America's Army.

#ArmyBda…
RT @ErrolWebber: America is better for having you as @POTUS, @realDonaldTrump!

#HappyBirthdayTrump 
RT @mikandynothem: Happy Birthday Mr. President!
America is blessed beyond measure to have you in the White House. You're promoting all tha…
Thank you Philip! 
Michael Moore: I‘m ‘Begging‘ Dems -- Don‘t Underestimate White Male Trump Supporter‘s ‘Rage,‘ ‘Emotion‘ 
RT @markknoller: "You became brothers & sisters pledging allegiance to the same timeless principles, joined together in a common mission: t…
RT @markknoller: Pres begins Commencement Address to graduating cadets, “We are here to celebrate your achievements, and great achievements…
RT @markknoller: Pres escorted on stage and salutes as Star Spangled Banner is played. 
RT @markknoller: Pres Trump and Gen Williams giving more than 500 salutes to members of the Class of 2020, most of the 1,107 grads receivin…
RT @GoArmyWestPoint: Flyover + Hat Toss = Celebration.

#GoArmy | #USMA2020 | #WithVisionWeLead 
A great day at West Point! 
The ramp that I descended after my West Point Commencement speech was very long & steep, had no handrail and, most importantly, was very slippery. The last thing I was going to do is “fall” for the Fake News to have fun with. Final ten feet I ran down to level ground. Momentum!
RT @SenatorTimScott: Despite the challenges ahead of us, we are still the greatest. I'm very optimistic we will find a path forward. #JUSTI…
RT @AmberSmithUSA: Fantastic and motivating speech by @realDonaldTrump to the West Point Class of 2020. Congratulations to the Army’s newes…
RT @AlexBerenson: Is it just me or is that the best speech Trump has ever given?
RT @debrajsaunders: “We will only fight to win.”
-Trump at West Point
RT @mattgaetz: I’d rather the US not have a soccer team than have a soccer team that won’t stand for the National Anthem. 

You shouldn’t g…
RT @dcexaminer: "You shouldn’t get to play under our flag as our national team if you won’t stand when it is raised."

@MattGaetz suggests…
And it looks like the NFL is heading in that direction also, but not with me watching! 
I won’t be watching much anymore! 
Tonight at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern). 
RT @WhiteHouse: "For the first time in history, half of the senior leaders of the National Security Council are women." 🇺🇸  
RT @JackPosobiec: BREAKING: Group of Antifa holds down a street preacher as he screams ‘You’re choking me’ in Seattle Autonomous Zone 
RT @realDonaldTrump: On behalf of our entire nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible West Point Class of 2020! 
RT @thejtlewis: @realDonaldTrump 
On behalf of our entire nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible West Point Class of 2020! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW & ORDER!
10:00 A.M. 
RT @NickAdamsinUSA: America can NEVER become a socialist nation.

I am incredibly excited for the next big @DineshDSouza movie to be releas…
So true! 
Happy Birthday Matt. GREAT JOB! 
Thank you Frank. Fredo’s ratings are really bad, more than 50% down. A loser!!! 
RT @SecretsBedard: Majority agree @realDonaldTrump will beat Biden, 51%-43%, @TheZogbyPoll 
Trump base strong, owns union workers, and also…
RT @parscale: Joe Biden put @AOC in charge of his radical $93 TRILLION Green New Deal task force.

AOC and Biden's extremist agenda will EN…
They want to totally destroy our great Police Departments. No way!!! 
RT @BorisEP: My Op-Ed ⁦@Newsweek:

Democrats' Hypocrisy on Riots Reveals Political Nature of Coronavirus Lockdowns | Opinion 
RT @TrumpWarRoom: WATCH: Joe Biden senior advisor says she “does not enjoy” being asked about Biden’s support for the 1994 crime bill. 

Bi…
RT @ErinMPerrine: #BarelyThereBiden has some shady folks on his VP list

Warren — lied about her heritage
Rice — lied about Russian collusi…
RT @TeamTrump: There are three types of people... 
RT @WhiteHouse: The greatest economy in history is coming back! 🇺🇸 
RT @DineshDSouza: The socialist Left, along with their allies in Antifa and in the mainstream media, seeks to beat us into submission.

But…
RT @NickAdamsinUSA: Joe Biden is not okay. 
Thank you Nick. Hear the book is doing well (go get it everyone. Make this great writer number one!). 
Soon heading to West Point Graduation to give the Commencement Address. Will be shown live on @FoxNews plus. Enjoy!
Concast is known for its terrible service. On top of that they provide FAKE NEWS on MSDNC & @NBCNews. Drop them and go to a good provider! 
RT @cottensj: Texas is 100% Trump Country!
We are getting the Commercial Fishing Industry in Maine back on track (will be better than ever) after suffering years of stupidity and abuse from the previous administration. Already got 5000 square miles back and available to fish. China & E.U. told to drop their Tariffs now!!! 
Criminal Justice Reform. I got it done!!! 
RT @WhiteHouse: "Opportunity Zones is more than just a program. 

It's more than just a concept. 

It is a mission." —@ScottTurner45 
RT @JHorstman45: From @JaRonSmith45: “What the President is doing is listening to law enforcement & stakeholders on both sides & figuring o…
RT @MalloryBlount45: “People are looking for hope— something to unify this country. That’s exactly what this President is doing.” @JaRonSmi…
Thank you Jack! 
We had previously scheduled our #MAGA Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for June 19th – a big deal. Unfortunately, however, this would fall on the Juneteenth Holiday. Many of my African American friends and supporters have reached out to suggest that we consider changing the date out...
...of respect for this Holiday, and in observance of this important occasion and all that it represents. I have therefore decided to move our rally to Saturday, June 20th, in order to honor their requests...
...We have already had ticket requests in excess of 200,000 people. I look forward to seeing everyone in Oklahoma!
...rebuilding America’s infrastructure with projects like the Portal North Bridge, which I have given authorization to proceed!
Just finished dinner in Bedminster, New Jersey, with Governor Phil Murphy (@GovMurphy) and his wonderful wife, Tammy. Talked about many things, including the opening of the beautiful Garden State, getting people back to work, and...
Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate) will be a fantastic Senator for New Hampshire! A West Point graduate, he served our Country in the Army with distinction. Strong on Jobs, Crime, Vets, Military and the Second Amendment...
...We need Corky in Washington – he has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NHSEN 
Seattle Mayor says, about the anarchists takeover of her city, “it is a Summer of Love”. These Liberal Dems don’t have a clue. The terrorists burn and pillage our cities, and they think it is just wonderful, even the death. Must end this Seattle takeover now!
Interview with @HARRISFAULKNER at 1:00 P.M. on @FoxNews, Outnumbered Overtime
“Do you think Suburban Women want to Defund the Police? I don’t think so.” @marcthiessen
A big winner. Congratulations! 
Hello! 
The Republican Party has not yet voted on a Platform. No rush. I prefer a new and updated Platform, short form, if possible.
How do you think China, Russia, Japan or others would do with him in a negotiation? We would have no Country left!!! 
RT @FrancisBrennan: "You know the rapidly rising umm uh in with uh with I don't know." - Joe Biden. 
RT @RichardGrenell: They should now be barred from federal government contracts - there should be consequences for not selling technology t…
RT @parscale: CLUELESS. 100% out of touch with reality.
RT @ScottGottliebMD: This is a critical milestone. Two therapeutic antibodies are now in the clinic with more on the way. These drugs can b…
RT @ByronYork: It happened 'following a peaceful demonstration...'
RT @ByronYork: Another Columbus statue bites the dust. 
RT @ByronYork: A third Christopher Columbus goes down.
RT @TomBevanRCP: Media bias is not just in the stories that get covered, but the ones that don't. Total blackout on the insanity in Seattle…
RT @BuckSexton: Prepare for the onslaught of "Trump's rallies are literally the most dangerous thing on planet earth right now" pieces from…
RT @bdomenech: Sculpted by an Italian immigrant who helped build Grand Central Station and his son, given as a gift during the Great Depres…
RT @euneaux: @ElijahSchaffer @MayorJenny There is only ONE person in Seattle who has the backbone to be Mayor.

Mr. This Is Library 
RT @HeyTammyBruce: So the anarchists are building a... border wall. Okey-dokey.
RT @DeAngelisCorey: Trump just called to "enact school choice now"

"School choice is a big deal... because access to education is the civi…
RT @theblaze: The debates with @realDonaldTrump are going to be a bloodbath 
RT @KerryPicket: So when #2A activists legally open carry in VA or Mich, it's a natl story that every governor across the country knows abo…
RT @dbongino: Jim Jordan Slams “Crazy” Attempt to Continue Flynn Case 🔥🔥🔥

RT @dbongino: Project Veritas Video: Antifa Chapter Head Admits Soros Funding, Association With Tom Steyer 👇

RT @Breaking911: JUST IN: President Trump tells reporters he will restart MAGA rallies in Oklahoma, Arizona, Florida & North Carolina
RT @dbongino: Do you agree? 👇

Crazy! 
People have no idea how Fake the Lamestream Media is! 
RT @dbongino: Minneapolis City Council Wants to Disband Police – Let’s See How That Goes 👇

RT @RexChapman: Every year in France, there's a ceremony that rarely makes headlines.

Ordinary people & families collect sand from Omaha B…
RT @joelpollak: Obama Admin Turned Down Renaming of Army Bases: ‘Reconciliation, Not Division‘ 


RT @realDonaldTrump: The Radical Left Democrats: First they try to take away your guns. Then they try to take away your police!
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump has been fighting for the forgotten men & women of America since day one. 
The Radical Left Democrats: First they try to take away your guns. Then they try to take away your police!
RT @WhiteHouse: “We the people will recognize, despite all the forces to the contrary, we are not each other's enemies." 🇺🇸 
Great work @RepChipRoy, together we are keeping AMERICAN WORKERS employed! 
RT @WhiteHouse: "We have to work together to confront bigotry and prejudice wherever they appear. But we'll make no progress and heal no wo…
RT @WhiteHouse: "We're working to finalize an Executive Order that will encourage police departments nationwide to meet the most current pr…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump announces four steps to build safety, opportunity, and dignity for ALL Americans—and build on vi…
RT @WhiteHouse: There has been vigorous conversation on how to ensure fairness, equality, and justice for all—but sadly, some are only tryi…
RT @WhiteHouse: Since day one, President @realDonaldTrump has been fighting for the forgotten men and women of America. 
Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossoff who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate...
...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
Senator @JoniErnst of IOWA has a new book, “Daughter of the Heartland: My Ode to the Country That Raised Me.” The first female combat veteran elected to serve in the U.S. Senate – Joni is as tough as they come and a true inspiration for women everywhere. Get her book today! 
...Unlike her Radical Liberal opponent, Theresa Greenfield, and Theresa’s failed record in real estate, Joni stands for Iowa. Vote for Joni Ernst on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #IASEN 
Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator @JoniErnst! A combat Veteran, her service to Iowa and our Country is remarkable! Joni is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times...
...Second Amendment. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement! We need him in Washington now! #NH01 

Matt @Mowers is a champion for the Great State of New Hampshire! He was a winner in my Administration and he will always put America First. Strong on our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and the...
...of Schumer and Pelosi. David is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times. He is a GREAT Senator and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for David Perdue on November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GASEN 
We need our Great David Perdue (@PerdueSenate) in the Senate to Drain the Swamp & Make America Great Again! His Radical Liberal opponent, Jon Ossoff (who we beat in 2017), supports LAWLESS Sanctuary Cities, wants to raise your taxes, & weaken our Great Military. He is a puppet...
...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #GA06 
Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossof who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate...
Chris @JacobsNY27 is a Great Winner and Fighter for New York. He will never let you down! Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets, Reducing Taxes, Regulations, and importantly, our #2A. Vote on June 23rd. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY27 
...Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets and Low Taxes. Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all! #SC01 
Despite very tough competition, @NancyMace had a tremendous victory on Tuesday in South Carolina’s 1st Congressional District. The first woman to graduate from the Citadel, she is a Great Warrior who we need in Washington now...
Seriously failed presidential candidate, Senator Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, just introduced an Amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary Military Bases from which we trained to WIN two World Wars. Hopefully our great Republican Senators won’t fall for this!
Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stopped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!
Anarchists just took over Seattle and the Liberal Democrat Governor just said he knows “nothing about that”.
June 14th just happens to be my birthday, thank you! Love our Boaters, Love our Country! #MAGA  

The Federal Reserve is wrong so often. I see the numbers also, and do MUCH better than they do. We will have a very good Third Quarter, a great Fourth Quarter, and one of our best ever years in 2021. We will also soon have a Vaccine & Therapeutics/Cure. That’s my opinion. WATCH!
THOSE THAT DENY THEIR HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT!
Sleepy Joe Biden refuses to leave his basement “sanctuary” and tell his Radical Left BOSSES that they are heading in the wrong direction. Tell them to get out of Seattle now. Liberal Governor @JayInslee is looking “the fool”. LAW & ORDER!
Our great National Guard Troops who took care of the area around the White House could hardly believe how easy it was. “A walk in the park”, one said. The protesters, agitators, anarchists (ANTIFA), and others, were handled VERY easily by the Guard, D.C. Police, & S.S. GREAT JOB!
Domestic Terrorists have taken over Seattle, run by Radical Left Democrats, of course. LAW & ORDER!
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Decades of failed engagement, Western investment and unfair trade tactics built China into an industrial behemoth, giv…
“Very troubled by Durham probe findings.” A.G. Bill Barr  @BretBaier  @FoxNews
Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stooped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!
...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
LAW & ORDER!
...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
RT @dcexaminer: Since April, the @USCG and the @USNavy have stopped more than 94,000 pounds of cocaine and 9,200 pounds of marijuana from b…
RT @Jim_Jordan: 
RT @IvankaTrump: Historic First: Under Trump, Half Of National Security Council Leaders Are Women #WGDP  
So honored by Archbishop Viganò’s incredible letter to me. I hope everyone, religious or not, reads it! 
Congratulations to Dr. Rich McCormick (@RichforGA) on a BIG WIN in Georgia last night! We need you in Washington, D.C. badly. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA #GA07 
Congratulations on last nights BIG WIN, @NancyMace! Keep up the great work so we can #MAGA! We need you in Washington fast. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
I am sending $219.9M to the San Diego area in CARES Act funding for @sdmts. These funds from @USDOT will be CRITICAL for economic recovery. We have to keep people moving safely and efficiently!
Big $$$$ headed to the Pittsburgh area! I’m sending $141.7M in CARES Act funding to @PGHtransit from @USDOT to aid in the recovery. This will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more importantly, keeping them SAFE!
...history of Winning, Victory, and Freedom. The United States of America trained and deployed our HEROES on these Hallowed Grounds, and won two World Wars. Therefore, my Administration will not even consider the renaming of these Magnificent and Fabled Military Installations...
...Our history as the Greatest Nation in the World will not be tampered with. Respect our Military!
It has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our Legendary Military Bases, such as Fort Bragg in North Carolina, Fort Hood in Texas, Fort Benning in Georgia, etc. These Monumental and very Powerful Bases have become part of a Great American Heritage, and a...
RT @SteveGuest: Last night’s primaries were an emphatic reminder of the enthusiasm for @realDonaldTrump's agenda that is sweeping the natio…
Incredible!  @FoxNews just took Congressional Hearing off the air just prior to important witness statements. More like CNN!!! Fox is lost!!!
Great statement to Congress by @Jim_Jordan concerning Defunding (not!) our great Police. This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen. Sleepy Joe Biden will be (already is) pulled all the way Left. Many, like Minneapolis, want to close their Police Departments. Crazy!
“For the first time in history, Police Organizations & National Security Organizations were used to SPY on a Campaign, & there was no basis for it. The media largely drove that, & claims were made that could have affected the election of the President.” A.G. Bill Barr @BretBaier
New York State is killing small businesses. Let them properly open! @foxandfriends
NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH. Tremendous progress being made, way ahead of schedule. USA!
RT @DanCrenshawTX: This is dangerous, counterproductive, and deeply irrational. “Defund the police” is not a call from the fringes of the f…
“Republican AGs come out in force against defunding police” 
Thank you George, great honor! 
Great work in the Republican Senate on some big nominees. Still 154 to go, hope they don’t adjourn until the job is done! @senatemajldr
Relief is on the way to Utah! I’m proud to send $187.18M in CARES Act funding to @RideUTA. This money will keep people moving and support a swift and smooth economic recovery for the GREAT people of Utah!
I am allocating $2.96 BILLION in Emergency Solutions Grants to support homeless Americans and those at risk of becoming homeless because of job or wage loss, or illness due to COVID-19. We are taking care of our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens. Thanks @SecretaryCarson!
My decision to appoint @usairforce General Charles Brown as the USA’s first-ever African American military service chief has now been approved by the Senate. A historic day for America! Excited to work even more closely with Gen. Brown, who is a Patriot and Great Leader!
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Defunding Police would be good for Robbers & Rapists.” @SenBillCassidy
BIG DEMAND! Starting up again soon, maybe next week! 
RT @MZHemingway: Honestly, I think that our major media deciding this week to finally admit publicly what we've all been suffering through…
RT @FoxNews: 
RT @MZHemingway: This is close to 180 degrees opposite from what it should be. Why run op-eds that do nothing but boringly comfort you? NY…
RT @hughhewitt: Up next: @SenTomCotton.  Following successful demolition of the credibility of the @NYTimes and its exposure as the laughin…
RT @marcthiessen: They intentionally edited out "in terms of equality"
RT @MichaelRStrain: Typically, around two million workers transition from unemployed to employed every month. In May, 7.7 million did — by…
Should have let police do their job and brought in National Guard on Day One, not Day Four! 
RT @MarkHiggie1: This does not inspire much confidence in those who are supposed to protect us and to prevent anarchy. 
RT @marcthiessen: I think they had a similar directive at Pravda back in the day.
RT @benshapiro: "911."
"Yes, someone is robbing my house."
"The police no longer exist."
"But someone is robbing my house!"
"Check your pri…
Minnesota needs DJT & @LacyJohnsonMN NOW. When I insisted on the National Guard, things got better FAST. Enough with Omar, you’ll have nothing left! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THE REAWAKENING OF AMERICA!
.@WhiteHouse TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
RT @mschlapp: I will never buy another NFL ticket until they go back to playing football and stop dividing America.
RT @WhiteHouse: "You eliminate police officers, you will have chaos, crime, and anarchy in the streets." 
RT @SebGorka: Lap Dog Mattis is an embarrassment to America! 

#AMERICAFirst 
Mattis was our Country’s most overrated General. He talked a lot, but never “brought home the bacon.” He was terrible! Someday I will tell the real story on him and others - both good and bad! 
Poll: Trump Better Than Biden On Economic Growth, 55% to 34%. That’s all? Who are the 34%?
Buffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur. 75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment. @OANN  I watched, he fell harder than was pushed. Was aiming scanner. Could be a set up?
RT @EdRollins: Joe Biden now claims he opposes defunding the police.

Here’s a list of issues he’s flip-flopped on:

Abortion

Immigration…
NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH!
Vote today for Big Jim, a great Governor. Love West Virginia! 
A GREAT Senator. Must return to Washington. Steve has my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
RT @SenateGOP: 🚨 BREAKING 🚨

The U.S. economy added 2.5 million jobs in May.

That's the BIGGEST JOBS INCREASE EVER! 🥳 🇺🇸 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference 
RT @JohnBoozman: Today’s #jobsreport, indicating our economy added 2.5 million jobs in May, is a positive sign for our economic recovery.…
RT @JimInhofe: This is great news! The economy is coming back with 2.5 million new jobs in May. The Republican economic plan is working and…
RT @sendavidperdue: Americans are ready to get back to work and the economy is ready to rebound! #JobsReport 
RT @GOP: “We can't give up the finest law enforcement anywhere in the world. There's nothing like it.” -@realDonaldTrump 
RT @GOP: Democrats have taken up a radical push to defund community police forces, which would put the safety and security of all Americans…
RT @GOP: TUNE IN NOW! 
RT @GOP: “We all support the notion that we can do better but this notion of defunding the police… frankly is just a bunch of political rhe…
RT @GOP: The Transition to Greatness has BEGUN as the stock market continues to SURGE!

RT @GOP: “We believe now it’s time for us to have ears to hear, to listen carefully… I think it’s important that we listen first and then I…
RT @senatemajldr: Abolishing police would only take us farther away from the safety, justice, and equal protection of the laws that every s…
RT @GOP: Democrats’ calls to defund the police are dangerous!
 
Doing so would weaken the rule of law & cause chaos in the US.
 
President…
“Democrats & Activists call to Defund Police Departments. They’ve gone so far Left that they eat their young.” @mirandadevine @nypost @foxandfriends
...Crooked Hillary Clinton in 2016. They are called SUPPRESSION POLLS, and are put out to dampen enthusiasm. Despite 3 ½ years of phony Witch Hunts, we are winning, and will close it out on November 3rd! 
I have retained highly respected pollster, McLaughlin & Associates, to analyze todays CNN Poll (and others), which I felt were FAKE based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving. Read analysis for yourself. This is the same thing they and others did when we defeated...
This year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our Country’s recorded history, and now the Radical Left Democrats want to Defund and Abandon our Police. Sorry, I want LAW & ORDER!
Big day for Stock Market. Smart money, and the World, know that we are heading in the right direction. Jobs coming back FAST. Next year will be our greatest ever!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
The Lamestream Media refuses to talk about our Country’s record setting Jobs Numbers, which are indicating GREATNESS, and soon!
CNN Polls are as Fake as their Reporting. Same numbers, and worse, against Crooked Hillary. The Dems would destroy America!
LAW & ORDER, NOT DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE. The Radical Left Democrats have gone Crazy!
Tremendous sincerity, what a guy. Hard to believe, with this kind of political talent, his numbers would “tank” so badly in Utah! 
Actually, a great book by a great and highly respected historian, Doug Wead! 
Could it be even remotely possible that in Roger Goodell’s rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation, he was intimating that it would now be O.K. for the players to KNEEL, or not to stand, for the National Anthem, thereby disrespecting our Country & our Flag?
Colin Powell was a pathetic interview today on Fake News CNN. In his time, he was weak & gave away everything to everybody - so bad for the USA. Also got the “weapons of mass destruction” totally wrong, and you know what that mistake cost us? Sad! Only negative questions asked.
If I wasn’t constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations, Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Hoax, I’d be up by 25 points on Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats. Very unfair, but it is what it is!!!
.@SeanParnellUSA is a SUPERSTAR running against a Lamb, to be exact, a weak puppet of crazy Nancy Pelosi! 
I built the greatest economy in the World, the best the U.S. has ever had. I am doing it again!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Wow! 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party (and I believe this was before the “GREAT” Jobs Numbers yesterday). T…
RT @realDonaldTrump: LAW & ORDER!
Opinion Editor at @nytimes just walked out. That’s right, he quit over the excellent Op-Ed penned by our great Senator @TomCottonAR. TRANSPARENCY! The State of Arkansas is very proud of Tom. The New York Times is Fake News!!!
“If Biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement, he kept it well hidden in his Philadelphia address. He criticized cops far more than he did arsonists & looters.” Michael Goodwin, @nypost
RT @realDonaldTrump: Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE”. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMEN…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are cont…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved (a recor…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announce…
.@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment...
...I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 

Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
Congressman Mark Amodei (@AmodeiForNevada) is working hard for the incredible people of Nevada! He is Strong on Immigration, Taxes, Job Creation and he Loves our Military and Vets. Mark has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV02 #MAGA
Governor Doug Burgum (@DougForDakota) is doing a phenomenal job leading North Dakota! He is a true Conservative, and First Lady Kathryn Burgum’s leadership against the disease of addiction inspires us all. Doug has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NDGOV 
Congresswoman Carol Miller (@CarolMillerWV) is a tremendous advocate for the people of West Virginia! She fights for our Coal Miners, the Second Amendment and for Lower Taxes. Carol has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV03 
Congressman Alex Mooney (@MooneyforWV) is a champion for West Virginia! He is strong on Life and the Second Amendment, and he works hard for our incredible Veterans and Coal Miners. Alex has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV02 
Unlike Senator Manchin, Big Jim Justice was very loyal to your favorite President during Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam. Big Jim is doing a tremendous job for West Virginia. Vote for Big Jim! #MAGA
We need @KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA06

Congressman Austin Scott (@AustinScott4GA) is doing a phenomenal job for the GREAT State of Georgia. He works hard for our incredible Farmers, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Austin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA08 
Congressman Buddy Carter (@Buddy_Carter) keeps fighting for the incredible people of Georgia. Buddy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Buddy! #GA01

Congressman Joe Wilson is a champion for the people of South Carolina! He served our Country as a Colonel in the Army, and now he serves our Military & Vets in Congress. Strong on the #2A and Border Security! Joe has my Complete & Total Endorsement! #SC02 
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC is a good friend and strong voice for the people of South Carolina. He’s helped us confirm GREAT Judges, rebuild the Military, and keep our Country SAFE. Strong on Life and our Vets. Lindsey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
RT @thejtlewis: Now that the economy is doing well again, Obama will be taking credit for it.
RT @thejtlewis: President Trump is going to save America... 

twice... 

in his first term!
RT @thejtlewis: Leaders Lead. Cowards kneel. 
RT @thejtlewis: @realDonaldTrump Retired bureaucrats hate President Trump because he’s draining the swamp and ending the corruption that pa…
At the request of @SenJohnKennedy & @SenBillCassidy of the Great State of Louisiana, I will be approving & signing today an EMERGENCY DECLARATION which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores. FEMA is already there. God Bless You!
Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved (a record), Two Great Supreme Court Justices, rebuilt our once depleted Military, Choice for Vets, Biggest Ever Tax & Regulation Cuts, Saved Healthcare & 2A, & much more!
Fantastic job on @foxandfriends by new Republican Superstar @SeanParnellUSA, running for Congress (with my complete & total Endorsement) against a Crazy Nancy Pelosi Puppet (who has done nothing!), & a slightly older Republican Superstar, @GovMikeHuckabee. Thank you to both!
Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announced he will be voting for another stiff, Sleepy Joe Biden. Didn’t Powell say that Iraq had “weapons of mass destruction?” They didn’t, but off we went to WAR!
Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left.
I have just given an order for our National Guard to start the process of withdrawing from Washington, D.C., now that everything is under perfect control. They will be going home, but can quickly return, if needed. Far fewer protesters showed up last night than anticipated!
Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE”. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT. I want LAW & ORDER!
.@CNN & MSDNC are doing everything possible to “inflame” the crowd. Fortunately they have a very small audience!
Much smaller crowd in D.C. than anticipated. National Guard, Secret Service, and D.C. Police have been doing a fantastic job. Thank you!
LAW & ORDER!
Wow! 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party (and I believe this was before the “GREAT” Jobs Numbers yesterday). Thank you!
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@MayorBowser is grossly incompetent, and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington, D.C. If…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am a big fan of Drew Brees. I think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks, but he should not have taken back h…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...We should be standing up straight and tall, ideally with a salute, or a hand on heart. There are other things you c…
RT @marcorubio: “In short, give some credit to the government relief efforts, especially the Paycheck Protection Program, for bringing back…
RT @marcorubio: #PPPworks 
RT @WhiteHouse: On June 6, 1944, our Greatest Generation bravely stormed the beaches of Normandy.

"Those who fought here won a future for…
RT @GOPChairwoman: May saw the BIGGEST JOBS INCREASE EVER.
 
This jobs report serves as an emphatic reminder about the strength of @realDon…
Riot gear or military control is not necessary because ANTIFA & other Wacko groups of Anarchists aren’t present to cause trouble. Incredible people. Thank you Maine! 
Great new book by @PastorDScott called “Nothing to Lose”. The Pastor is a winner and a great guy. Much can be learned from him. Buy the book. Make him a Big Deal Author!
RT @PastorDScott: Pastor Darrell Scott on growing concerns for social media's role in countrywide violence


RT @KayaJones: Here’s my grandparents & great grandparents. They are rolling in their graves at the hatred that still exists. I’m biracial…
“This is a flat out lie. They (the media) are making things up” @CharlesHurt  @IngrahamAngle The Lamestream Media is out of control. It would be impossible to fully explain how dishonest they are!
Crazy! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: So great to have Michael home. Just arrived. Very exciting. Thank you to Iran. Don’t wait until after U.S. Election to…
RT @charliekirk11: Fact:

Robert Mueller’s office deleted 19,000 text messages between Lisa Page and her lover Peter Strzok

How is that no…
RT @GOPLeader: America is opening up, and people are returning to work. Speaker Pelosi's reaction to today's great economic news?

She doub…
RT @SaraCarterDC: .@BurgessOwens: #Democrats Are 'Frantic' That The Black Vote Is Leaving Their Party 

"They try to do everything they can…
RT @RichardGrenell: Wow! Jobs Not Mobs!
RT @GreggJarrett: NYC Construction Workers Use Excavator to Save Gucci Handbags, Other Valuable Items From Looters 
RT @GreggJarrett: British Prime Minister ‘No Choice’ But to Offer Citizenship to Almost 3 Million Hong Kong Citizens 
RT @GreggJarrett: Russia Hoax: Nearly Three Dozen Subpoenas Approved for Obama Administration Officials 
RT @LouDobbs: Pandering to the Protesters: @jasoninthehouse challenges LA mayor Eric Garcetti to get rid of his own security detail if he w…
RT @SenMikeLee: Just heard that Mayor Bowser is kicking the Utah National Guard out of all DC hotels tomorrow. More than 1200 troops from 1…
RT @SenMikeLee: These brave men and women have risked their lives protecting DC for three days. Rioting, looting, arson, and vandalism have…
RT @TGowdySC: Would love for you to have a signed copy of my new book, Doesn't Hurt to Ask. Pre-order and get yours today and win your next…
RT @DevinNunes: CA Socialist/Dem party cutting basic services like police/fire/teachers so they can continue funding boondoggles like this…
RT @DevinNunes: Just left the White House meeting with President Trump. If you’re ready to join the fight you can sign up here 👇 
RT @TomFitton: Mr. Rosenstein testified to Senate this week. He should also testify to a grand jury about the coup abuses of @realDonaldTru…
RT @TomFitton: Conservative activist turns tables on Dems over claims of voter suppression 
RT @RedNationRising: .@TedCruz completely exposes how Barack Obama and Joe Biden unleashed, weaponized, and politicized the DOJ, FBI, and t…
Biden wants to Defund the Police! 
RT @BlazeTV: WATCH: @TedCruz Goes NUCLEAR on Rod Rosenstein over the Russia probe. 
RT @bennyjohnson: Sen. @TedCruz: “Either you were complicit in the wrongdoing... or that the performance of your duties was grossly neglige…
RT @thehill: Sen. Ted Cruz: "Pause for a second and imagine how you would feel if Donald J. Trump was doing exactly what Barack Obama and J…
RT @tedcruz: NYT Book List is at it again. ⁦@SenMcSallyAZ⁩ book sold 10k+ but didn’t make the list. Got beat out by a book that sold 2k cop…
We will always defend. Great job Jay! 
RT @JaySekulow: Radio: BREAKING: Unemployment Drops, U.S. Economy Adds 2.5 Million Jobs 
RT @marklevinshow: Martha McSally’s new book, Dare to Fly: Simple Lessons in Never Giving Up, is out now!

RT @marklevinshow: Martha McSally for U.S. Senate 


RT @marklevinshow: Enemy of the people


RT @benfergusonshow: FILE THIS UNDER SH!T you can’t make up YET ITS NOT FAKE NEWS!!!!!!
You must be kidding??? This is a total disgrace! 
RT @WayneDupreeShow: It's time to Make America Normal Again, and this is the best KICK OFF ever!!! 

This will make your day, folks! Happy…
RT @glennbeck: I don't care WHAT George Floyd did. The officer should have never treated him like that and killed him! But we still must as…
RT @glennbeck: Tonight's special with CANDACE OWENS starts at 9:30pm ET, FREE on BlazeTV's YouTube channel: 
RT @DavidJHarrisJr: Still haven’t heard you take responsibility for the crime bill that led to the mass incarceration of my people @JoeBide…
RT @DavidJHarrisJr: Lunatics are running the insane asylum...

THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA 
Twitter Pulls Trump Campaign Video of President Showing Empathy For Peaceful Protesters 
RT @DavidJHarrisJr: Portland pays violent Antifa leader for getting hit with a rubber bullet.

Democrat John Hickenlooper Held in Contempt After Failing to Comply with Subpoena over Ethics Complaint 
RT @RyanAFournier: Barack Obama put a target on the back of every cop in this country.
RT @DavidJHarrisJr: Federal law enforcement is investigating the leaders of Antifa and BLM among others.

Throw the book at them!

What a fantastic group! 
RT @DavidJHarrisJr: To all the celebrities posting memes connecting the cop that killed George Floyd to President @realDonaldTrump...

Stop…
Great! 
RT @WayneDupreeShow: No one will accuse ANTIFA of being "brainiacs" will they? 🤣😆


RT @PaigeCaporicci: @_ReaalAmerican_ @PressSec @realDonaldTrump Obama made no change with the deaths of Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown & Eri…
.@MayorBowser is grossly incompetent, and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington, D.C. If the great men and women of the National Guard didn’t step forward, she would have looked no better than her counterpart Mayor in Minneapolis!
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS delivers remarks at Puritan Medical Products 
I am a big fan of Drew Brees. I think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks, but he should not have taken back his original stance on honoring our magnificent American Flag. OLD GLORY is to be revered, cherished, and flown high...
...We should be standing up straight and tall, ideally with a salute, or a hand on heart. There are other things you can protest, but not our Great American Flag - NO KNEELING!
RT @SenateGOP: Weeee’re baaaack!!! 🇺🇸
 
jobs → jobs → JOBS! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS participates in a roundtable 
...over the last number of nights. If she doesn’t treat these men and women well, then we’ll bring in a different group of men and women!
The incompetent Mayor of Washington, D.C., @MayorBowser, who’s budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for “handouts”, is now fighting with the National Guard, who saved her from great embarrassment...
I just signed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act to further improve our VERY POPULAR AND SUCCESSFUL program to help small businesses. THANK YOU to our GREAT REPUBLICAN SENATORS! @senatemajldr @marcorubio @SenatorCollins @SteveDaines @SenThomTillis @SenCoryGardner 
Greatest Top Five Monthly Jobs Gains in HISTORY. We are #1! 
“Really great numbers by any standard - UNBELIEVABLE!” @JoeSquawk Joe go it right also!
RT @TeamTrump: "Equal justice under the law must mean that every American receives equal treatment in every encounter with law enforcement…
RT @Rasmussen_Poll: Reader Tip: Coming Later

Our Daily Presidential Tracking poll today shows Black Likely Voter approval of the job @real…
RT @marklevinshow: A vote for Trump is a vote for jobs. A vote for Biden is a vote for mobs.
RT @WhiteHouse: The job surge we're seeing is widespread across American industries! 
RT @WhiteHouse: "Equal justice under the law must mean that every American receives equal treatment in every encounter with law enforcement…
RT @WhiteHouse: With 2.5 MILLION jobs added in May, we're on the way to an incredible period of growth! 🔥 
It is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination! @CNBC
It’s a stupendous number. It’s joyous, let’s call it like it is. The Market was right. It’s stunning! @jimcramer  @CNBC
Oh no, the Dems are worried again. The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden!
Congratulations to wonderful Charles Payne on having been so optimistic, and therefore correct. Market up BIG!!!
I will be doing a News Conference at 10:00 A.M. on the Jobs Numbers! White House.
This is an AMAZING JOBS REPORT! Edward Lawrence @FoxNews
I am so stunned. I’ve never seen numbers like this and I’ve been doing this for 30 years! Steve M. @MariaBartiromo
THESE NUMBERS ARE INCREDIBLE! @MariaBartiromo
Really Big Jobs Report. Great going President Trump (kidding but true)!
RT @SenatorEnzi: The unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted the need for better federal budgeting. We had the financial tools to a…
RT @SenMcSallyAZ: Yesterday, the Senate passed legislation to improve the Paycheck Protection Program and grant greater flexibility to our…
RT @SenMcSallyAZ: Great to hear that Navy veteran Michael White is on his way home to America!

RT @SenMcSallyAZ: I spoke to Arizonans during a telephone town hall earlier this week about what’s happening in our country right now. (1/4…
RT @SenMcSallyAZ: I led a letter to @TheJusticeDept w/ Sens Grassley, Crapo, & Tillis requesting an update on the financial status of the C…
RT @SenTomCotton: In particular, I’m pleased the administration will be adopting policies similar to my PLA Visa Security Act. America’s so…
RT @SenTomCotton: The president should use the Insurrection Act to deploy active-duty military forces to these cities to support local law…
RT @SenTomCotton: We should have zero tolerance for anarchy, rioting, and looting. 

If necessary, the president should use the Insurrectio…
RT @SenTomCotton: Judge Sullivan is abusing his judicial power for political purposes. It’s time for General Flynn’s nightmare to end. I’m…
RT @SenTomCotton: The carnage caused by domestic terrorists and other criminals threatens all law-abiding citizens, including peaceful prot…
RT @SenTomCotton: To those who claim the military has no role in stopping anarchists and other criminals from tearing apart our cities: rea…
RT @SenTomCotton: There’s no one better equipped to handle a crisis like this than General Milley. Our thanks to him, our troops, and feder…
RT @SenTomCotton: Violent anarchists and insurrectionists were once again allowed to rule the streets last night in too many cities. 

The…
RT @SenTomCotton: I applaud the U.K.’s decision to open its arms to Hong Kongers fleeing the tyrannical regime in Beijing. Hong Kongers sho…
RT @SenTomCotton: There is both a legal basis and a long historical precedent for using our National Guard and—if necessary—federal troops…
RT @SenTomCotton: I call upon the administration to prioritize the admission of persecuted Hong Kongers to the United States through the U.…
RT @sendavidperdue: Our office has heard from many Georgians who are experiencing significant delays with passport applications or renewals…
RT @sendavidperdue: The Senate unanimously passed a bill to add more flexibility to the Paycheck Protection Program. These targeted changes…
RT @sendavidperdue: THANK YOU
 
Nurses
Doctors
Grocers
Farmers
Teachers
Custodians
Pharmacists
Truck Drivers
Utility Workers
Delivery Perso…
RT @SenJoniErnst: 🇺🇸 
RT @SenJoniErnst: #ICYMI Iowa leaders send letter petitioning @USDA to provide CFAP funds to egg producers 
RT @SenJoniErnst: I’m continuing to listen to and hear from Iowans across the state! Thanks to @iowapca and @iowarestaurant for visiting wi…
RT @SenThomTillis: TODAY at 9:40 am
46th Telephone Town Hall
Topic: #COVID19NC

Listen Live: 
RT @SenCoryGardner: The PPP has already provided more than 98,000 loans in Colorado and these modifications will increase flexibility to he…
RT @SenCoryGardner: Yesterday the Senate passed a version of my PPP Flexibility Act to extend the #PaycheckProtectionProgram loan period &…
RT @SenCoryGardner: TONIGHT at 7pm MT ➡️ I’m joining state, local, and federal officials from Colorado for a live #COVID19 town hall hosted…
RT @SenCoryGardner: We have got to reopen our economy. I’m working on a concept that we’re putting forward called Rehire America that will…
RT @SenCoryGardner: Today I announced Colorado will receive $44 million to address homelessness and the coronavirus pandemic. #COVID19 has…
No Contest. Steve blows him away. So important for Montana. I’ll be there to help Steve win big!!! 
True. Steve is a GREAT SENATOR. Need him badly in Washington. Complete and Total Endorsement! 
RT @SteveDaines: And thank you to Montana bankers for working overtime to help our small businesses stay open and workers employed during t…
RT @SteveDaines: Glad to see my bipartisan bill with @SenAngusKing pass the Senate today to increase flexibility for small businesses and w…
RT @SenThomTillis: Peacefully demanding justice and condemning violence are not mutually exclusive. We can and should do both. No American…
RT @SenThomTillis: It's disgraceful to see the defacing of the Gandhi statue in DC. #Gandhi was a pioneer of peaceful protesting, demonstra…
RT @SenThomTillis: I'm proud Congress could come together to make necessary fixes to the #PaycheckProtectionProgram. These changes will pro…
RT @SenThomTillis: I’ve been receiving regular briefings from @DeptofDefense about their COVID-19 response. Secretary Esper, the Pentagon,…
RT @SenThomTillis: This week, I urged Acting Director of the Office of Management and Budget @RussVought45 to phase out all federal regulat…
RT @SenDanSullivan: I want to offer my profound gratitude for Eldon, all of our Merchant Marine veterans past and present, and those servin…
RT @SenDanSullivan: One Merchant Mariner I'll never forget is Eldon Gallear, who passed in 2016 but did incredible work advocating with @AM…
RT @SenDanSullivan: It appears that exculpatory “Brady” evidence, which could have benefited Flynn’s defense, was withheld by the prosecuti…
RT @SenDanSullivan: On May 12, I wrote to FBI Director Christopher Wray requesting an internal review to determine if there were any invest…
RT @SenDanSullivan: Julie and I pray that we can come together – as Americans, as Alaskans – to work toward justice, equality, and peace fo…
RT @SenatorEnzi: For too long, the Clean Water Act has been abused and used to delay important energy infrastructure projects. @EPA's impor…
RT @BudgetGOP: TODAY @ 230pm - Confirmation Hearing for White House Budget Director - The Senate Budget Committee holds a confirmation hear…
RT @EPWGOP: Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso: “Our bill is the right medicine for our roads & our economy. It will help rural communities, it will…
RT @SenToomey: Caring for a loved one with Alzheimer's is difficult even in the best of times. If you or someone you know is suffering from…
RT @SenToomey: Join me/@RepSmucker @ 10am for a roundtable on safely restarting PA’s economy. Joining us are Steve Massini - @PSHResearch,…
RT @SenToomey: I'm glad @realDonaldTrump is visiting Owens & Minor today to highlight the great work of Pennsylvanians supplying the PPE ne…
RT @SenToomey: As @zoom_us user, it’s exciting see them opening a new R+D office in Pittsburgh, adding several hundred jobs. I have no doub…
RT @SenToomey: I am very grateful to all of those on the frontlines battling against the COVID-19 pandemic. To the doctors, nurses, hospita…
RT @JohnBoozman: Arkansas children struggling with hunger during this public health crisis are benefiting from creative, flexible approache…
RT @JohnBoozman: I appreciated the opportunity to participate in today's @SenateVA hearing to conduct oversight of @DeptVetAffairs and get…
RT @JohnBoozman: At yesterday's @SenateVA hearing, I pressed @DeptVetAffairs officials about the plan to reduce the backlog of #veterans wa…
RT @JerryMoran: Thank you to the thousands of people that have made this day possible. Today is another step forward down the path of explo…
RT @JerryMoran: America has launched! Congratulations to NASA Astronauts Doug Hurley and Bob Behnken, @NASA and @SpaceX on a historic launc…
RT @JerryMoran: It is encouraging to see Kansans standing up for what is right throughout our state. In Wichita, protests are not only rema…
RT @JerryMoran: Joined Hocker Grove Middle School to help distribute meals as part of the school lunch program. It is one of four sites wit…
RT @SenPatRoberts: Watch the speech I gave on the Senate floor last week to honor all who have fought for our great nation. #MemorialDay #S…
RT @SenPatRoberts: Master Sgt. David Royer is nothing short of a hero after taking action into his own hands when he stopped an active shoo…
RT @JohnBoozman: PPP has been critical to helping Arkansas small businesses weather this pandemic. Providing flexibility is a commonsense s…
RT @JohnBoozman: I welcome @HHSGov awarding another $2.5 million in federal coronavirus response funds to expand COVID-19 testing capacity…
RT @JohnBoozman: I'm pleased AR farmers and ranchers are getting assistance as a result of the Coronavirus Food Assistance Program:

8,223…
RT @RoyBlunt: Fed government can play a critical role in addressing the failures of the local justice system, rebuilding trust in police de…
RT @RoyBlunt: Yesterday, my colleagues & I passed #PaycheckProtectionProgram Flexibility Act to
✅Give #smallbiz more time to use their PPP…
RT @RoyBlunt: Congratulations to @Mizzou, @TrumanState, @MissouriSandT, @UMKC, @UMSL & @MissouriState on being named in the top public coll…
RT @RoyBlunt: ⬇Important #coronavirus resources⬇



MO hotline: (877) 435-8411
MO chatbot: 
M…
RT @MikeCrapo: ICYMI: My column this week highlights 75 years of fortitude since World War II. 
RT @MikeCrapo: I introduced the Lower Costs, More Cures Act, which contains similar proposals for the reduction of insulin and other prescr…
Great going Mike! 
RT @MikeCrapo: In February, I joined @SenCortezMasto, @SenatorRisch and 62 other colleagues in sending a letter to the Centers for Medicare…
RT @BankingGOP: The Committee meets for a virtual hearing today to conduct oversight on current U.S. policy to address the crisis in Hong K…
RT @SecretarySonny: Over 𝗳𝗶𝘃𝗲 𝗺𝗶𝗹𝗹𝗶𝗼𝗻 Farmers to Families food boxes have been delivered! This program is the best of America. 🇺🇸 
 
#Ameri…
RT @MikeCrapo: I am always encouraged when young people take the time to get involved with important issues.  I applaud each of you for the…
Thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man PASSED to run VOICE OF AMERICA. Trying for 25 years and you got it done Jim. Idaho is proud of you! 
Great going Brad! 
RT @SenatorRisch: Our nation needs more #cyber professionals. Congratulations to the three teams of coders from Skyline HS, Centennial HS,…
RT @SenatorRisch: Congratulations to the winners of the C-SPAN @StudentCam competition from Mountain View HS and Compass Academy! Great wor…
RT @USDA: We're accepting applications now through Aug. 28, 2020 for our Coronavirus Food Assistance Program. Farmers & ranchers can apply…
RT @SenatorRisch: Yesterday the Senate passed legislation to make the #PaycheckProtectionProgram even more flexible for the nearly 29,000 I…
RT @SenatorFischer: I cannot think of a better way to celebrate Beef Month than by eating a burger today for #NationalBeefBurgerDay and sen…
RT @SenatorFischer: #COVID19 has drastically affected #NE students, forcing them to complete the school year from home. This was especially…
RT @SenatorFischer: You can still apply until August 28, 2020. Contact your local Farm Service Agency to see if you qualify.
RT @SenatorFischer: .@USDA’s Coronavirus Food Assistance Program is already getting payments out to Nebraska ag producers.

Here’s an updat…
RT @SenatorWicker: Our state’s guardsmen will be partners to local law enforcement as they work to prevent further injury, damage, or destr…
RT @SenatorWicker: I am proud of our Mississippi National Guardsmen for their work to support safety in our nation’s capital and to protect…
RT @SenatorWicker: On this Third of June, we fondly remember when Bobbie Gentry’s first record became a sensation. The song brings back the…
RT @SenatorWicker: The Paycheck Protection Program has been a core element of our federal response to the #coronavirus outbreak. The legisl…
RT @SenatorWicker: With hard work and strong action, our economy will recover from the #coronavirus pandemic.
 
President @realDonaldTrump’…
RT @NASA: "American astronauts on American rockets from American soil, showing you what Americans can do when we come together as a team."…
RT @SenShelby: I am saddened to hear about the death of former @AuburnU football coach Pat Dye. He will be long remembered throughout the s…
RT @SenShelby: More help is on the way for small businesses in #Alabama & across the nation: The Senate passed changes to improve the histo…
RT @SenShelby: It's of the utmost importance that Alabamians have access to the best resources to help fight this pandemic & receive proper…
RT @SenRonJohnson: Thanks, @realDonaldTrump
RT @SenRonJohnson: Talking with @jaketapper on @CNNSotu about the recently declassified list of Obama-era officials who were behind the unm…
RT @SenRonJohnson: One thing we have found out from declassified information
is that the FBI was ready to close the file on General Flynn o…
RT @OutnumberedOT: #Alert- Chairman, Senate Homeland Security Committee @SenRonJohnson joins @HarrisFaulkner as his committee just voted to…
RT @SenRonJohnson: My committee just wants to get to the truth. The vast majority of our work is #Covid_19. This subpoena didn't have to be…
RT @SenRonJohnson: Who is Blue Star Strategies and why did we need this subpoena vote today? The American people have a right to know. They…
RT @SenRonJohnson: Democrats are having a hissy fit over a subpoena that should be no big deal. We're just trying to get to the truth about…
RT @SenRonJohnson: My committee is focused on #covid, but there’s no reason we can’t continue to seek the truth for the American people. Do…
RT @SenRonJohnson: Before we talk about another round of spending in response to #coronavirus, let's analyze what we've already done and wh…
RT @SenRonJohnson: Wisconsin is proud of its rich shipbuilding & maritime history.  Bordered on 3 sides by commercially navigable waterways…
We just landed Wisconsin a massive Navy shipbuilding contract. Beautiful designs! 
RT @SenRonJohnson: Moving forward with getting the truth for the American people.

RT @SenRonJohnson: In response to the violence that played out over the weekend in cities across the country... 
RT @WSJ: From @WSJopinion: The PPP was designed to help small businesses bridge short-term shutdowns. It isn’t suited to long-term suspensi…
RT @SenRonJohnson: Information about the #coronavirus and how to protect yourself can be found @CDCgov ⬇️

RT @SenRickScott: I spoke to many local law enforcement leaders today. They’re working hard to protect peaceful protestors and our communit…
RT @SenateGOP: You do not advance peace by committing assault. 

You do not advance justice by inflicting injustice upon your neighbors.…
USA! 
RT @SenateGOP: ⚡ LIVE NOW: Tune in to hear from Senate Republican Leadership as they answer questions from the press. ⬇️ 
RT @SenJoniErnst: Right now, we can’t hear the peaceful protesters’ voices over the sounds of shattering glass and splintering woods.
 
Vio…
RT @cindyhydesmith: We are back. 🇺🇸
RT @SenBillCassidy: Did anyone else just get chills? 

We. Are. Back. 🚀🇺🇸
RT @SenateGOP: "Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that."

- Martin L…
RT @NationalMallNPS: In the wake of last night's demonstrations, there are numerous instances of vandalism to sites around the National Mal…
RT @SenRubioPress: Great to see @SpaceX complete another successful launch from @NASAKennedy Space Center in #CapeCanaveral tonight. Sen Ru…
RT @GrassleyPress: Yesterday, the Senate passed the #PPP Flexibility Act of 2020. Here’s what you need to know:

- The loan forgiveness per…
RT @SteveDaines: My bipartisan bill increasing flexibility for the #PPP is on its way to @realDonaldTrump's desk.  This is about relief for…
RT @SmallBizCmte: A #PPPloan enabled a woman-owned #smallbiz in #Jupiter #Florida to rehire all its employees & offer free house cleaning s…
RT @SenateGOP: Listen.

Learn.

Heal.

America: Let's stand together. 

Let's do better. 
RT @SenateGOP: Conference Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

Our nation needs to listen to the voices of African Americans about police brutality.…
So great to have Michael home. Just arrived. Very exciting. Thank you to Iran. Don’t wait until after U.S. Election to make the Big deal. I’m going to win. You’ll make a better deal now! 
RT @ObamaMalik: OMG! WTH! Can you imagine ⁦@JoeBiden⁩ being @POTUS? He can’t answer a simple question or make a simple statement even with…
A must watch! 
Sleepy Joe Biden’s 1994 Crime Bill was a total disaster. It was mass incarceration for Black people, many of them innocent. I did Criminal Justice Reform, something Obama & Biden didn’t even try to do - & couldn’t do even if they did try. Biden can never escape his Crime Bill!
Few people know where they’ll be in two years from now, but I do, in the Great State of Alaska (which I love) campaigning against Senator Lisa Murkowski. She voted against HealthCare, Justice Kavanaugh, and much else...
...Unrelated, I gave Alaska ANWR, major highways, and more. Get any candidate ready, good or bad, I don’t care, I’m endorsing. If you have a pulse, I’m with you!
“Police Groups Break With Biden” @politico His handlers want him to “Defund the Police.” I want more money for Law Enforcement!
Great to be with our wonderful Men and Women of the @SecretService. What a job they are doing! 
The problem with asking for someone to give you a letter of resignation, which you do as a courtesy to help them save face, is that it is then harder to say you fired them. I did fire James Mattis. He was no good for Obama, who fired him also, and was no good for me!
...in my inner-circle, was totally exhausted by the job, and in the end just slinked away into obscurity. They all want to come back for a piece of the limelight!
John Kelly didn’t know I was going to fire James Mattis, nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation. Why would I tell him, he was not...
The problem is not the very talented, low-flying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city, the problem is the arsonists, looters, criminals, and anarchists, wanting to destroy it (and our Country)!
...Michael is Tough, Smart, and Loves our Country. This has been a big battle in Congress for 25 years. Thank you to our Great Republican Senate! @SenateCloakroom
Congratulations to Michael Pack! Nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for America. Why? Because he is going to be running the VOICE OF AMERICA (@VOANews), and everything associated with it...
I thought this letter from respected retired Marine and Super Star lawyer, John Dowd, would be of interest to the American People. Read it! 
YOU DON’T BURN CHURCHES IN AMERICA!
...to the UNITED STATES! We have now brought more than 40 American hostages and detainees back home since I took office. Thank you to Iran, it shows a deal is possible!
I just got off the phone with former American hostage Michael White, who is now in Zurich after being released from Iran. He will be on a U.S. plane shortly, and is COMING HOME...
The Radical Left Democrats new theme is “Defund the Police”. Remember that when you don’t want Crime, especially against you and your family. This is where Sleepy Joe is being dragged by the socialists. I am the complete opposite, more money for Law Enforcement! #LAWANDORDER
RT @SteveGuest: This hasn’t received enough coverage: @realDonaldTrump has an undefeated record of candidate endorsements this cycle.

http…
I am to happy announce that Navy Veteran, Michael White, who has been detained by Iran for 683 days, is on a Swiss plane that just left Iranian Airspace. We expect him to be home with his family in America very soon....
....I will never stop working to secure the release of all Americans held hostage overseas! Thank you Switzerland for your great assistance.
Please let this serve as my Complete and Total Endorsement of a great fighter and ally in North Carolina, @LyndaBennettNC. She is strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets & 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. EARLY VOTING STARTS TODAY. We need Lynda Bennett! #NC11
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @realDonaldTrump: LAW & ORDER!
RT @realDonaldTrump: If you watch Fake News @CNN or MSDNC, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hood…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Probably the only thing Barack Obama & I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, a…
Disgraceful! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW & ORDER!
The Fake Newspaper! 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Joe China. #BeijingBiden
RT @KDORR_USA: In ‘08, it took over 2 months to make 800k payments to Americans.

Today, @USTreasury announced it made 159 MILLION Economic…
RT @dbongino: This Mazie Hirono faceplant is epic. She thinks she’s going to hit Trump but gets Rosenstein to admit that obstruction was a…
RT @dbongino: Possible the most accurate review of my podcast I’ve ever seen. Lol 👇🏻👇🏻 
RT @benfergusonshow: Thanks you @kayleighmcenany for stating the facts on this one:  
RT @benfergusonshow: FOR THE DEMOCRATS WHO KEEP TALKING ABOUT “ABUSE OF POWER” THIS IS WHAT IT ACTUALLY LOOKS LIKE!
True! 
Mueller should have never been appointed, although he did prove that I must be the most honest man in America! 
How are they doing together? 
So many people hurt! 
No. Roger was a victim of a corrupt and illegal Witch Hunt, one which will go down as the greatest political crime in history. He can sleep well at night! 
RT @charliekirk11: If "White Privilege" existed, why did Elizabeth Warren have to lie about being a Native American to get ahead in life?

🤔
RT @charliekirk11: Did you know:

Race discrimination charges filed with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission just reached 25-year h…
RT @charliekirk11: Joe Biden—44 years in office

Chuck Schumer—39 years in office

Nancy Pelosi—33 years in office

Maxine Waters—29 years…
RT @charliekirk11: Did you know:

Over 400 violent looters arrested in New York City are set to be immediately let back out on the streets…
RT @charliekirk11: Fact:

Four police officers were shot in St. Louis on Tuesday

And every single rioter and looter who destroyed the city…
RT @charliekirk11: Let me get this straight:

Nancy Pelosi won’t let Congress get back to work because of a lack of social distancing

...Y…
RT @charliekirk11: Captain David Dorn was murdered by looters early Tuesday morning

He was a retired, 77 year-old black police officer gua…
RT @charliekirk11: Obama will go down as one of the worst Presidents in American history.
RT @charliekirk11: Congratulations to President Trump for going 64-0 on federal primary endorsement victories this cycle. 

ZERO losses!

P…
Interesting! 
RT @charliekirk11: Drew Brees did more for Black Americans after Hurricane Katrina than Obama ever did in 8 years as President of the Unite…
Great Book. Make Charlie Number One Again! 
Section 230! 
Good work Ted! 
Thank you Matt! 
Unfair! 
This Witch Hunt should never have begun! 
Nasty! 
Caught! 
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump & @FLOTUS  during a wreath laying ceremony arrive at Saint John Paul II National Shrine in Washington,…
RT @thebradfordfile: LOL. Joe Biden told a black man to his face "you ain't black" like a week ago--and now he's going to end racism in Ame…
RT @RealJamesWoods: The “protesters” who injured 50 Secret Service law enforcement personnel and set St. John’s Church ablaze? Those protes…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Terrible!!! 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Must watch video destroying the media’s BS narrative that those rioting, looting and burning down communities are “most…
RT @TimMurtaugh: For nearly a whole day, the media reported the use of tear gas in DC’s Lafayette Park with no evidence.

We now know it wa…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: My father will always stand up for our country and everyone in it. 

Thank you for your service in the Marines! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Here’s @CNN’s @ChrisCuomo carrying water for violent criminals burning down communities and saying that he doesn’t thin…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and kil…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: This is a must watch and RT. This is the difference between the truth and the narrative the media runs with. 
Why won’t…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Pair of Brooklyn lawyers including Ivy League corporate attorney charged in Molotov cocktail attack on NYPD cruiser  ht…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Why is @JoeBiden silent about the cold blooded murder of Captain David Dorn? Does his life not matter to Joe because it…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Rosenstein testimony today!!!

Hopefully @LindseyGrahamSC brings the passion he had during the Kavanaugh hearings to th…
YES! 
RT @Jim_Jordan: Democrat mayors during #coronavirus:

-You can’t open your business
-You can’t go to church
-You can’t buy a gun

Democrat…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Charlamagne tha God calls out Biden's 'racist' Senate history 
Wow. Very impressive Josh! 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: This X 1000!!!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Happy to announce this week's #MAGA candidates of the week are 2 GREAT military vets determined to stand up to the DC e…
Great job Ted. Country is proud of you!!! 
RT @TeamTrump: Senior Advisor @LaraLeaTrump on Team Trump's #TheRightView and how the Lamestream Media doesn't give President @realDonaldTr…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump "is the leader that can finally lead to the change and action so many in my community have been…
RT @parscale: 64-0.

That’s the record of federal candidates in primaries or special elections after they’ve been endorsed by @realDonaldTr…
RT @TeamTrump: Team Trump's @marc_lotter: President @realDonaldTrump will always honor peaceful protesters and will protect all Americans f…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump says the killing of #GeorgeFloyd is "a terrible thing" 
RT @TeamTrump: Before the plague from China, America had the BEST Black unemployment rate in American history.

President @realDonaldTrump…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: Biden has gone so seriously far left, but still doesn’t know where he is 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on Joe Biden calling to end systemic racism: He's been in Washington for 43 years, why hasn’t he…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: Liberal Mayors and Governors are weak on crime 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: Next year’s economy will be phenomenal, unless Joe Biden wins and raises everybody’s taxes 
RT @PressSec: Former Secretary Mattis’ “article” is little more than a self-promotional stunt to appease the DC elite.

President @realDona…
RT @PressSec: Under President @realDonaldTrump’s leadership, there will be NO burning of churches, looting of businesses, destruction of pr…
RT @PressSec: The Rod Rosenstein hearing made it very clear that there was an illegal coup taking place that President @realDonaldTrump was…
RT @GOPChairwoman: With Tuesday’s victories, @realDonaldTrump is now 64-0 in primary and special election endorsements this cycle.

If you…
FBI & DOJ had NO EVIDENCE to start an investigation against President Trump. @FoxNews  “These are people with subversive actions and outright lies. They doctored documents.”  @jasoninthehouse  Now proven conclusively that this was the political crime of the century!
RT @senjudiciary: @LindseyGrahamSC @RodRosenstein On the validity of the renewal of the FISA warrant application against Carter Page:
 
Gra…
They spied on the Trump Campaign, and got caught!!! 
RT @AndrewDesiderio: Rosenstein continues to take shots at McCabe, saying he was “not fully candid with me” and “certainly wasn’t forthcomi…
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: Virginia's governor plans to order the removal of a monument to the Confederate general Robert E. Lee in Richmo…
I feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong. Not everyone agrees with me, but I have little doubt. Watch for September, October, November. Next year will be one of the best ever, and look at the Stock Market NOW!
RT @realDonaldTrump: “There has never been a president in the White House who has been more supportive of HBCUs and their mission than Pres…
...His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!
Probably the only thing Barack Obama & I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, & felt great about it. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, & changed to “Mad Dog”...
....His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!
Probably the only thing Barack Obama and I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, & felt great about. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, & changed it to “Mad Dog”...
RT @SenTomCotton: The nation must restore order. The military stands ready. 
“There has never been a president in the White House who has been more supportive of HBCUs and their mission than President Trump” 
....the possible exception of another Republican President, the late, great, Abraham Lincoln...and it’s not even close. The Democrats know this, and so does the Fake News, but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt! See “pinned” above.
In 3 1/2 years, I’ve done much more for our Black population than Joe Biden has done in 43 years. Actually, he set them back big time with his Crime Bill, which he doesn’t even remember. I’ve done more for Black Americans, in fact, than any President in U.S. history, with...
If you watch Fake News @CNN or MSDNC, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hoodlums, looters, ANTIFA & others, would be the nicest, kindest most wonderful people in the Whole Wide World. No, they are what they are - very bad for our Country!
Really sick to watch the Fake and totally Slanted News(?) coming out of MSDNC and CNN. It bears NO relationship to the Truth or Facts. They are merely offshoots of the DNC, much like the @nytimes and the Amazon @washingtonpost. Just like 2016, but worse. Sad, but we will win big!
LAW & ORDER!
Congratulations to Randy Feenstra on your big win in the Iowa Republican Primary. You will be a great Congressman!
RT @SecretarySonny: The goodness of America was on display @athenafarms in Atlanta today. I saw @USDA’s Farmers to Families Food Box distri…
RT @MikeCrapo: I introduced the Lower Costs, More Cures Act, which contains similar proposals for the reduction of insulin and other prescr…
RT @MikeCrapo: This fall, many Medicare Advantage plans with prescription drug coverage will have a maximum $35 out-of-pocket copay for a m…
The knew it was Fake and went with it anyway. Lamestream Media is CORRUPT! 
RT @seanmdav: You wore blackface (or possibly even a KKK hood) and lied about it. 
RT @BuckSexton: Getting real-time updates on a jewelry store looting from a friend watching it on his terrace down below at street level, p…
RT @BuckSexton: These are Democrats who are ruining cities across the country 

Yes, I mean the politicians in charge- but also the rioters…
RT @BuckSexton: Go through CNN’s official twitter feed right now. It’s a master class in propaganda. 

You’ll get the impression all protes…
The National Guard is ready! 
RT @dagenmcdowell: Business owners in NYC are not allowed open up their doors, while thieves and vandals and rioters are allowed to break d…
RT @BuckSexton: American carnage: These aren't protests — they're riots. Someone must end the lawlessness. 
RT @BuckSexton: Remember, if you don’t social distance, you’re literally killing people. That’s what they told us. The “experts.”
RT @BuckSexton: #Cuomo, #DeBlasio ‘Abject Fools’ Not up to Challenge 


RT @BuckSexton: We were lectured for 3 years by liberal columnists about how Trump was “undermining our institutions”

And now those same c…
Get tough police! 
Undercover Huber is a great spoof, funny, but at the same time sad, because the real @JohnWHuber did absolutely NOTHING. He was a garbage disposal unit for important documents & then, tap, tap, tap, just drag it along & run out of time. A.G. Jeff Sessions was played like a drum!
RT @LeeSmithDC: Heartbreaking. Greatest police force in the world reduced to this—tasked to bully Orthodox Jews and bend a knee to terroris…
RT @ScottAdamsSays: CNN says there are some fine people marching with the looters and domestic terrorists.
Fredo’s ratings are down more than 50%. People are tired of his act. @CNN IS DYING! 
RT @seanmdav: The same government officials who threw a woman in jail for opening a hair salon, arrested a pastor for leading worship, and…
RT @esaagar: 1/ My appearance with @TuckerCarlson Tonight: 

The cultural elites want to us to believe we're an irredeemably racist nation…
RT @esaagar: 58% of Americans support sending the military in to supplement police force to quell riots

Compare that to the twitter discou…
RT @JackPosobiec: BREAKING:

I have established a memorial fund for the family of Captain David Dorn 

RT @dcexaminer: "I am glad the president, yesterday, led by going to St. John's Church, a historic church in our capital city that was fire…
RT @SenTedCruz: .@FoxNews: Sen. Cruz: Rioting cannot be tolerated, this is 'terrorist assault' on America 
RT @SenateGOP: 🚀 🇺🇸

we're back. 
So true! 
RT @SenTedCruz: PREVIEW of tomorrow’s @senjudiciary #Rosenstein hearing: We’re looking for the truth about the Obama Administration officia…
Thank you Ted. They got caught cold, but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again - Spied on. Makes Watergate look like small potatoes! OBAMAGATE! 
RT @SenTedCruz: Every American has a right to peaceably express their freedom of speech.
 
That doesn't include:
✖️Rioting
✖️Looting
✖️Ligh…
RT @RandPaul: Outrage isn't enough. We need true action to protect the privacy of American citizens.

RT @RandPaul: Unmasking essentially is an end-run around the Constitution. The lesson that we should all be taking away from this is not “M…
RT @RandPaul: I joined @charliekirk11 on his podcast to discuss why there is a need to safely reopen America! Tune in! 
I agree, unlike other states that are poorly run & managed, Texas is in great shape...and the Southern Border Wall, which is going up FAST, puts it in even better position! 
So pathetic to watch the Fake News Lamestream Media playing down the gravity and depravity of the Radical Left, looters and thugs, ripping up our Liberal Democrat run (only) cities. It is almost like they are all working together?
RT @realDonaldTrump: SILENT MAJORITY!
Burgess Owens, Utah. “We weren’t to sure in 2016, but we voted for the right person to take us through this process.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews  Thank you Burgess. Working hard!
RT @mghjmh: @Justin12393LEE @tinastullracing @realDonaldTrump 
New York’s Finest are not being allowed to perform their MAGIC but regardless, and with the momentum that the Radical Left and others have been allowed to build, they will need additional help. NYC is totally out of control. @NYCMayor & @NYGovCuomo MUST PUT DOWN RIOTING NOW!
“Chaos, lawlessness, and destruction take over New York.” @FoxNews  When will Governor Cuomo call the Federal Government for help?
Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters 
You got it wrong! If the protesters were so peaceful, why did they light the Church on fire the night before? People liked my walk to this historic place of worship! Sen. Susan Collins, Sen. James Lankford, Sen. Ben Sasse. Please read @MZHemingway below. 
Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night. We honor our police officers, perhaps more than ever before. Thank you! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: LAW & ORDER!
...millions of dollars, and jobs, for the State. Because of @NC_Governor, we are now forced to seek another State to host the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Had long planned to have the Republican National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, a place I love. Now, @NC_Governor Roy Cooper and his representatives refuse to guarantee that we can have use of the Spectrum Arena - Spend millions of dollars, have everybody arrive, and...
...then tell them they will not be able to gain entry. Governor Cooper is still in Shelter-In-Place Mode, and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised. Would have showcased beautiful North Carolina to the World, and brought in hundreds of...
“Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters” 
Washington, D.C., was the safest place on earth last night!
Sleepy Joe has been in politics for 40 years, and did nothing. Now he pretends to have the answers. He doesn’t even know the questions. Weakness will never beat anarchists, looters or thugs, and Joe has been politically weak all of his life. LAW & ORDER!
Macy’s at 34th. Street, long the largest single department store anywhere in the world, & a point of pride in NYC, was devastated yesterday when hoodlums and thieves vandalized it, breaking almost all of its large panels of storefront glass. What a shame. Bring in National Guard!
...AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
My Admin has done more for the Black Community than any President since Abraham Lincoln. Passed Opportunity Zones with @SenatorTimScott, guaranteed funding for HBCU’s, School Choice, passed Criminal Justice Reform, lowest Black unemployment, poverty, and crime rates in history…
Decorated combat Vet @MarthaMcSally has a great new book, Dare to Fly, which tells her story as the first American woman to fly a fighter jet in combat. She’s tough, tested, and true. A real fighter for Arizona. Get her book today at 
Great new book out today by @DineshDSouza — get your copy today! 
New York City put on an 11:00 P.M. CURFEW last night. No wonder they ripped the place apart. Should be 7:00 P.M. CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. #SAVENYC
SILENT MAJORITY!
NYC, CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. The lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart. Act fast! Don’t make the same horrible and deadly mistake you made with the Nursing Homes!!!
Republicans, get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on November 3rd. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Vaccines are coming along really well. Likewise therapeutics. Moving faster than anticipated. Good news ahead (in many ways)!
Yesterday was a bad day for the Cuomo Brothers. New York was lost to the looters, thugs, Radical Left, and all others forms of Lowlife & Scum. The Governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating National Guard. NYC was ripped to pieces. Likewise, Fredo’s ratings are down 50%!
Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
Congressman Dusty Johnson (@DustyJohnson) is a phenomenal advocate for the people of South Dakota! He helped us deliver USMCA for our Farmers, and he is strong on the Border and our Second Amendment. Dusty has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDAL

Senator Mike Rounds (@RoundsforSenate) continues to deliver for South Dakota! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers and he is strong on Trade, Military, our Vets, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDSen

Congressman Mike Simpson (@MikeSimpson4ID) is a tremendous champion for Idaho! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers, and he strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID02
 
Congressman Russ Fulcher (@RussFulcher) is an incredible Representative for the people of Idaho! He fully supports the Border Wall, Life, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Russ has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID01
Congressman Greg Pence (@GregPenceIN) is doing a phenomenal job for Indiana. His brother, our great Vice President Mike Pence, and I need Greg to help us keep our Country SAFE and fight for our #MAGA agenda. Greg has my Complete & Total Endorsement! #IN06 
Congressman Jim Banks (@jim_banks) is a fighter for Indiana! A highly respected Navy Officer, Jim works hard for our Vets and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment and our Border Wall! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN03 
Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (@jackiewalorski) is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesses, the Economy, and our incredible Military and Vets! Jackie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN02
Congressman Andy Harris (@Harris4Congress) is a tremendous advocate for Maryland! A highly respected physician, Andy fights for the Second Amendment, Border Security and our incredible Farmers. Andy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MD01

D.C. had no problems last night. Many arrests. Great job done by all. Overwhelming force. Domination. Likewise, Minneapolis was great (thank you President Trump!).
RT @JohnJamesMI: This is about you, the people of Michigan. This is the greatest country in the world, because of people like you, not poli…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump delivers a powerful speech on LAW & ORDER in the United States of America! 
RT @MariaBartiromo: This is 🇺🇸 & tonight a show of STRENGTH. We discuss ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ message/gesture tonight.  #RuleOfLaw #J…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump holds his bible up in front of St. John's church in Washington D.C., which was burned by thugs la…
RT @greta: People who hate @realDonaldTrump will criticize his walk to St. John’s..People who love @realDonaldTrump will be in awe of it..w…
RT @WhiteHouse: After delivering remarks in the Rose Garden, President @realDonaldTrump walked to St. John's Episcopal Church. 
RT @realDonaldTrump: My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I…
RT @GOPChairwoman: President @realDonaldTrump is right.
 
We need law and order to stop the violent destruction of people’s livelihoods and…
RT @GeraldoRivera: I send deep love & heartfelt condolence to the family of 
#GeorgeFloyd. 
We love you George & hate how you died. God res…
RT @parscale: So Twitter partners with the #FakeNews media to censor @realDonaldTrump but they leave @JoeBiden & Communist Chinese propagan…
RT @MZHemingway: “Healing not hatred, justice not chaos” — @realDonaldTrump
RT @ErinMPerrine: "These are not acts of peaceful protest. These are acts of domestic terror."

President @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸
RT @ErinMPerrine: “By far, our greatest days lie ahead.” 

President @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸
RT @JasonMillerinDC: Powerful words from @realDonaldTrump tonight making it clear all Americans are going to be protected.

This is what we…
Thank you Mark! 
RT @KyleMartinsen_: Martha MacCallum: "@realDonaldTrump walking through this area...retaking this territory where we saw such extraordinary…
RT @ErinMPerrine: No. No he isn’t.

He is protecting Americans. He is protecting America.

President @realDonaldTrump is putting America fi…
RT @EliseStefanik: This is an incredibly important moment as the President @realDonaldTrump deliver remarks to the American people and walk…
RT @thehannahjane: MY President 🇺🇸 @realDonaldTrump knows that what our country needs right now is God 🙏🏼✝️
RT @TimMurtaugh: This is a flat out lie.

The President spoke at length about George Floyd, the protests, and the rioting in nationally tel…
RT @SarahHuckabee: The desecration of St. John’s church by an angry mob was an act of cowardice. President Trump standing before it and hol…
RT @RealSaavedra: He had 8 years to do it when he was vice president
Fake News. Couldn’t hear them during speech! 
RT @RichardGrenell: The President of the United States @realDonaldTrump has just walked from the White House to St John’s Church where riot…
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: Team Trump Online with @LaraLeaTrump, @MikeGarcia2020, and @TomTiffanyWI! #TeamTrump

Text TRUMP to 88022 
RT @ErinMPerrine: “I stand before you as a friend & ally to every American seeking justice and peace. And I stand before you in firm opposi…
RT @marc_lotter: NEVER FORGET that Joe Biden’s team is helping bailout people arrested during these riots.
RT @FrancisBrennan: "Biden staff donate to group that pays bail in riot-torn Minneapolis" 
RT @FrancisBrennan: Apple doesn't fall far from the tree. 

"Son of Minnesota’s attorney general: 'I hereby declare, officially, my support…
RT @Surabees: I look forward to every "fact checker" in the media giving @JoeBiden 4 big Pinocchios for this whopper of a lie that he calle…
RT @FrancisBrennan: “Twitter Censors President Trump But Not Communist China? Something Doesn’t Add Up” 
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Strong words by @realDonaldTrump to fill the breach of Mayors/Govs who need to do more to restore order. 

Peaceful prote…
RT @RepLeeZeldin: The rioters aren’t listening, they have no respect, and they aren’t slowing down on their own. These are criminals and ma…
RT @DaveofCO: @ShaneGoldmacher @RevFisk donate blue if you like this! 


Can’t let this happen! 
Great! 
RT @dougmillsnyt: Plant workers and officials look on as @realDonaldTrump  makes remarks at the Ford Rawsonville Components Plant in Ypsila…
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump & @FLOTUS participate in a Memorial Day Ceremony at Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine,…
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump & @FLOTUS board Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews, Md. for a trip to Florida to watch the viewing of…
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump holds a bible up outside the Historic St. John’s Church that was damaged during a night of unrest near…
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump walks from the White House to the Historic St. John’s Church that was damaged during a night of unrest.…
RT @elonmusk: Nine years later
RT @SpaceX: Live webcast of Crew Dragon’s test flight with @NASA astronauts @AstroBehnken and @Astro_Doug → 
RT @SpaceX: Docking confirmed – Crew Dragon has arrived at the @space_station! 
RT @SpaceX: Crew Dragon has separated from Falcon 9’s second stage and is on its way to the International Space Station with @Astro_Behnken…
RT @SpaceX: Falcon 9 booster has landed on the Of Course I Still Love You droneship! 
RT @SpaceX: Liftoff! 
RT @elonmusk: 5 mins to T-0
RT @AstroBehnken: Huge thank you to @NASA, @SpaceX, and America for making this possible! 
RT @NASA: This is the first time in human history @NASA_Astronauts have entered the @Space_Station from a commercially-made spacecraft. @As…
RT @KristinFisher: I almost can’t believe what I’m seeing. POTUS just walked out the front door of the White House and into Lafayette Squar…
YES! 
My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I swore an oath to uphold the laws of our Nation -- and that is exactly what I will do… 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump delivers remarks 
I will be delivering brief remarks from the Rose Garden at 6:30 P.M. Eastern to update on the Federal Response.
100% Correct. Thank you Tom! 
RT @JonathanTurley: We have learned that two of those arrested for throwing Molotov cocktails at police vehicles are attorneys. Colinford M…
Anarchists, we see you! 
“Trump” is leading in all swing states. Heavily biased Democrat Poll, just like 2016. Biggest “enthusiasm” lead ever! 
Sleepy Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!
NOVEMBER 3RD.
Sleep Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!
“These were the people that trashed Seattle years ago. Who’s paying for these people. I was appalled that 13 of Joe Biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in Minneapolis. They should have stayed in jail until this is over (and beyond).” @newtgingrich @foxandfriends
“I don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in. This is an ANTIFA Organization. It seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was Occupy Wall Street. It’s the same mindset.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends  TRUE!
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Lamestream Media is doing everything within their power to foment hatred and anarchy. As long as everybody underst…
FAKE NEWS!
RT @realDonaldTrump: The United States of America will be designating ANTIFA as a Terrorist Organization.
LAW & ORDER!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Much more “disinformation” coming out of CNN, MSDNC, @nytimes and @washingtonpost, by far, than coming out of any fore…
Our National Guard stopped them cold last night. Should have been called up sooner! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Crossing State lines to incite violence is a FEDERAL CRIME! Liberal Governors and Mayors must get MUCH tougher or the…
RT @dbongino: The radical-left formally divorced itself from America last night. They are domestic terrorists and enemies of the United Sta…
RT @BuckSexton: This isn’t going to stop until the good guys are willing to use overwhelming force against the bad guys
SO TERRIBLE! Where are the arrests and LONG TERM jail sentences? 
STRENGTH! 
Get tough Democrat Mayors and Governors. These people are ANARCHISTS. Call in our National Guard NOW. The World is watching and laughing at you and Sleepy Joe. Is this what America wants? NO!!!
Law & Order in Philadelphia, NOW! They are looting stores. Call in our great National Guard like they FINALLY did (thank you President Trump) last night in Minneapolis. Is this what voters want with Sleepy Joe? All Dems!
RT @TomFitton: Antifa has been engaging in terrorism and seditious conspiracy for years. But FBI and DOJ were too busy to care much, their…
The Lamestream Media is doing everything within their power to foment hatred and anarchy. As long as everybody understands what they are doing, that they are FAKE NEWS and truly bad people with a sick agenda, we can easily work through them to GREATNESS!
The United States of America will be designating ANTIFA as a Terrorist Organization.
Other Democrat run Cities and States should look at the total shutdown of Radical Left Anarchists in Minneapolis last night. The National Guard did a great job, and should be used in other States before it is too late!
Congratulations to our National Guard for the great job they did immediately upon arriving in Minneapolis, Minnesota, last night. The ANTIFA led anarchists, among others, were shut down quickly. Should have been done by Mayor on first night and there would have been no trouble!
RT @realDonaldTrump: The National Guard has been released in Minneapolis to do the job that the Democrat Mayor couldn’t do. Should have bee…
RT @Mike_Pence: Today, @SecondLady and I had the honor of joining President @realDonaldTrump to witness @Astro_Doug and @AstroBehnken compl…
RT @ericbolling: This will likely be seen as @realDonaldTrump Signature Speech/moment.
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: “America’s proudest moments are still ahead” 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: “In the years ahead, America will go bigger, bolder, further, faster, and America will go first.…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump says you can’t be #1 on Earth if you are #2 in space.

America will not be #2 anywhere! 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: Today we launch American astronauts on American rockets from American soil 
RT @Mike_Pence: Today is the culmination of three and a half years of renewed leadership in space. It’s a tribute to the courage of our ast…
RT @Mike_Pence: Nearly 4 years ago President @realDonaldTrump told America and the world: “We stand at the birth of a new millennium, ready…
Let New York’s Finest be New York’s Finest. There is nobody better, but they must be allowed to do their job!
The National Guard has been released in Minneapolis to do the job that the Democrat Mayor couldn’t do. Should have been used 2 days ago & there would not have been damage & Police Headquarters would not have been taken over & ruined. Great job by the National Guard. No games!
MN Gov. Walz: We Estimate 80% of the Rioters Are from out of State 
RT @WhiteHouse: "The death of George Floyd on the streets of Minneapolis was a grave tragedy. It should never have happened. It has filled…
RT @WhiteHouse: “We support the right of peaceful protestors, and we hear their pleas. But what we are now seeing on the streets of our cit…
RT @WhiteHouse: "My Administration will always stand against violence, mayhem, and disorder.

We will stand with the family of George Floyd…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS delivers remarks at Kennedy Space Center 
RT @NASA: LIVE NOW: We are launching astronauts to the @Space_Station from @NASAKennedy for the first time in nine years. Liftoff is at 3:2…
RT @NASA: LIVE NOW: #LaunchAmerica, Take 2. 🎬 Watch as @NASA_Astronauts fly to the @Space_Station from U.S. soil for the first time in nine…
Hopefully a great, successful and safe ROCKET LAUNCH. Lifting off soon!?!?  @FoxNews  @OANN
80% of the RIOTERS in Minneapolis last night were from OUT OF STATE. They are harming businesses (especially African American small businesses), homes, and the community of good, hardworking Minneapolis residents who want peace, equality, and to provide for their families.
Much more “disinformation” coming out of CNN, MSDNC, @nytimes and @washingtonpost, by far, than coming out of any foreign country, even combined. Fake News is the Enemy of the People!
Crossing State lines to incite violence is a FEDERAL CRIME! Liberal Governors and Mayors must get MUCH tougher or the Federal Government will step in and do what has to be done, and that includes using the unlimited power of our Military and many arrests. Thank you!
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is en route to Kennedy Space Center to view the planned @NASA and @SpaceX rocket launch. 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump says violence must stop so Americans can honor the memory of #GeorgeFloyd 
Here we go again. Fake News @CNN is blaming RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA. They are sick losers with VERY bad ratings! P.S. Can’t blame China because they need the cash?
It’s ANTIFA and the Radical Left. Don’t lay the blame on others!
Mayor Jacob Frey of Minneapolis will never be mistaken for the late, great General Douglas McArthur or great fighter General George Patton. How come all of these places that defend so poorly are run by Liberal Democrats? Get tough and fight (and arrest the bad ones). STRENGTH!
These are “Organized Groups” that have nothing to do with George Floyd. Sad!
The professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just there to cause trouble. The @SecretService handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
They professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just there to cause trouble. The @SecretService handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
They professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just their to cause trouble. The @SecretService handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
Great job last night at the White House by the U.S. @SecretService. They were not only totally professional, but very cool. I was inside, watched every move, and couldn’t have felt more safe. They let the “protesters” scream & rant as much as they wanted, but whenever someone....
....got too frisky or out of line, they would quickly come down on them, hard - didn’t know what hit them. The front line was replaced with fresh agents, like magic. Big crowd, professionally organized, but nobody came close to breaching the fence. If they had they would....
....have been greeted with the most vicious dogs, and most ominous weapons, I have ever seen. That’s when people would have been really badly hurt, at least. Many Secret Service agents just waiting for action. “We put the young ones on the front line, sir, they love it, and....
....good practice.” As you saw last night, they were very cool & very professional. Never let it get out of hand. Thank you! On the bad side, the D.C. Mayor, @MurielBowser, who is always looking for money & help, wouldn’t let the D.C. Police get involved. “Not their job.” Nice!
RT @ScottAdamsSays: Malaria drug and zinc, the missing link 
RT @YoungDems4Trump: In Democrat cities you can get arrested for opening a business, but not for looting one. #MinneapolisRiot #Coronavirus
RT @YoungDems4Trump: So sad. This poor business owner lost everything due to the  #MinneapolisRiot

Time for a change! #2020 
RT @TallahForTrump: Trump spoke at my church in Detroit and it opened my eyes. Never again will I be a slave to the Democrats!👊 Let us rise…
RT @TheRightMelissa: In an ironic twist of fate, CNN HQ is being attacked by the very riots they promoted as noble & just. 
Oops
RT @Jim_Jordan: Right on! 

We don’t have to pay organizations to lie to us. They’ll probably do it for free.
RT @Scavino45: “Texas AG Ken Paxton: Trump is right and Twitter ‘fact check’ is wrong – mail-in ballot fraud is a real problem” 
RT @Jim_Jordan: Twitter “fact checks” President Trump. 

Did they ever fact check Comey or Schiff?

Did they ever fact check Clapper (CNN)?…
RT @WhiteHouse: "I want to express our Nation's deepest condolences and most heartfelt sympathies to the family of George Floyd." 
Looting leads to shooting, and that’s why a man was shot and killed in Minneapolis on Wednesday night - or look at what just happened in Louisville with 7 people shot. I don’t want this to happen, and that’s what the expression put out last night means....
....It was spoken as a fact, not as a statement. It’s very simple, nobody should have any problem with this other than the haters, and those looking to cause trouble on social media. Honor the memory of George Floyd!
REVOKE 230!
The National Guard has arrived on the scene. They are in Minneapolis and fully prepared. George Floyd will not have died in vain. Respect his memory!!!
The National Guard has been activated In Minneapolis. They have arrived on the seen. George Floyd will not have died in vain. Respect his memory!!!
RT @LaraLeaTrump: Looting is not protesting. Burning down local homes and businesses is not protesting. How sad that the memory of #GeorgeF…
CHINA!
“Regulate Twitter if they are going to start regulating free speech.” @JudgeJeanine @foxandfriends  Well, as they have just proven conclusively, that’s what they are doing. Repeal Section 230!!!
“The President has been targeted by Twitter.” @MariaBartiromo  What about all of the lies and fraudulent statements made by Adam Schiff, and so many others, on the Russian Witch Hunt Plus, Plus, Plus? What about China’s propaganda? WHO’s mistakes? No flags?  @foxandfriends
Twitter is doing nothing about all of the lies & propaganda being put out by China or the Radical Left Democrat Party. They have targeted Republicans, Conservatives & the President of the United States. Section 230 should be revoked by Congress. Until then, it will be regulated!
....These THUGS are dishonoring the memory of George Floyd, and I won’t let that happen. Just spoke to Governor Tim Walz and told him that the Military is with him all the way. Any difficulty and we will assume control but, when the looting starts, the shooting starts. Thank you!
I can’t stand back & watch this happen to a great American City, Minneapolis. A total lack of leadership. Either the very weak Radical Left Mayor, Jacob Frey, get his act together and bring the City under control, or I will send in the National Guard & get the job done right.....
MAIL-IN VOTING WILL LEAD TO MASSIVE FRAUD AND ABUSE. IT WILL ALSO LEAD TO THE END OF OUR GREAT REPUBLICAN PARTY. WE CAN NEVER LET THIS TRAGEDY BEFALL OUR NATION. BIG MAIL-IN VICTORY IN TEXAS COURT TODAY. CONGRATS!!!
.@Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is today criticizing Twitter. “We have a different policy than Twitter on this. I believe strongly that Facebook shouldn’t be the arbiter of truth of everything that people say online.” Did Twitter criticize Obama for his “you can keep your Dr.”?
I’m proud to commit $40.9M in @USDOT funding to Milwaukee’s East-West Bus Rapid Transit project. Bringing modern transit to the region’s most critical corridor and spur millions in economic development. Love Wisconsin! @RideMCTS
Ogden, Utah, I am committing $64.5M to build bus service between Weber State University and McKay-Dee Hospital—very important services for Utahans! @RideUTA
.@USDOT is committing $99.95M to @PGHtransit in Pennsylvania to connect Pittsburghers to their two largest commercial employment centers through safe, quick transit service. Great things coming to a great State!
MAX Red line in Oregon is set to receive $99.99M in @USDOT funds to reduce delays in the Portland area, connect citizens to very important locations, and make transit GREAT! @trimet
I am proud to commit $60.9M in @USDOT funding to provide a BRAND NEW bus system for a very busy and popular transit corridor in the Albany, NY area—more help coming to the people of New York! @CDTA
Indiana is set to receive $100M in @USDOT transit funds for the @southshoreline to connect people to jobs around the State and the Chicago-area and help cut down on traffic. @GovHolcomb has worked very hard on this project!
Big announcement for the State of Indiana! $77.5M committed in @USDOT funds for a “game-changing” transit project to provide fast and frequent service to the people of Indianapolis and Lawrence.
I’m excited to commit $100M to @MiamiDadeCounty, FL in @USDOT funding to connect fast-growing communities through state-of-the-art transit service! Fast, safe, and beautiful infrastructure!
.@USDOT is committing $21.8M for the FIRST transit project of this kind in the Tampa Bay region. It will connect St. Petersburg to popular beaches through state-of-the-art transit buses with FREE WiFi. Will be a major help to heavily populated parts of the Great State of Florida!
Very exciting news for the Phoenix area—@USDOT is committing $100M to @valleymetro for a 5.5-mile light rail system with 9 new stations connecting underserved areas to churches, emergency services, and more!
RT @WhiteHouse: The Trump Administration is making sure your taxpayer dollars don't go to social media giants that unfairly repress free sp…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is directing the Attorney General to work with states to enforce their laws against deceptive bu…
RT @WhiteHouse: "Today, I am signing an Executive Order to protect and uphold the free speech and rights of the American people." 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump just took executive action to fight online censorship by tech corporations, including social med…
So ridiculous to see Twitter trying to make the case that Mail-In Ballots are not subject to FRAUD. How stupid, there are examples, & cases, all over the place. Our election process will become badly tainted & a laughingstock all over the World. Tell that to your hater @yoyoel
The men and women of the National Guard have been doing a great job fighting the CoronaVirus. This week, I will extend their Title 32 orders through mid-August, so they can continue to help States succeed in their response and recovery efforts.
Thank you to our GREAT Republican Congressmen & Congresswomen on your incredibly important blockage last night of a FISA Bill that would just perpetuate the abuse that produced the Greatest Political Crime In the History of the U.S., the Russian Witch-Hunt. Fantastic Job!
All over the World the CoronaVirus, a very bad “gift” from China, marches on. Not good!
We have just reached a very sad milestone with the coronavirus pandemic deaths reaching 100,000. To all of the families & friends of those who have passed, I want to extend my heartfelt sympathy & love for everything that these great people stood for & represent. God be with you!
This will be a Big Day for Social Media and FAIRNESS!
RT @Repeoplecan: @GreggJarrett 
Special Counsel was a Coup Plot created through leaking lies and falsifying evidence…
RT @randell_young: @GreggJarrett Everyone who knew there was no evidence of Trump-Russia collusion also knew the #ObamaGate "investigations…
RT @MarieLeff: @GreggJarrett Rice's last minute email was a setup to frame Comey. 
Couldn't happen to a better leaker & liar... lock him up…
RT @MarieLeff: @GreggJarrett Also, the plot thickens. Will Comey spend years in jail & admit his illegal acts, or, like the weasel he is, s…
RT @RomanEcho: @GreggJarrett @Comey When J. Edgar @Comey 🤡 sent @petestrzok & Pientka to the WH to ambush @GenFlynn then bragged about it w…
RT @GreggJarrett: 
RT @GreggJarrett: Trump attorney accuses Mueller of ‘monstrous lie and scheme to defraud’ 
RT @VicToensing: Reason @AGWilliamBarr says he“does not expect”Obama/Biden to be investigated is not related to whether they committed crim…
RT @VicToensing: Does Judge Sullivan read SupCt decisions? Last week SupCt held using amici was “drastic departure” and “abuse of discretio…
RT @VicToensing: Let me get this straight. @GenFlynn was broke from legal fees and FBI threatened to prosecute his son if he did not plead…
RT @VicToensing: Great American: @RichardGrenell, declassifying @GenFlynn Kislyak conversations. How cld Mueller accuse Flynn of lying abou…
So many different viewpoints! 
RT @BarbaraRedgate: The Obama/Clinton Cabal Knew They Had To Stop General Mike Flynn First! OR They Would ALL Be Locked Up By NOW! @realDon…
RT @EliseStefanik: Thanks for the clarification @jack 

This makes YOU accountable for allowing the Chinese Communist Party to abuse this s…
RT @realDonaldTrump: New papers make CLEAR that the Obama Administration SPIED, in an unprecedented manner, on the Trump Campaign and beyon…
RT @RichardGrenell: After spending years peddling a Russian collusion hoax, but under oath admitting you saw NOTHING, forgive us if we igno…
@USAttyHuber Whatever happen to John Huber?
RT @VicToensing: Of course Sidney is right on. #ObamaGate #maga
RT @VicToensing: For over 3 years MSM, including NYT and WP, have been writing about what @GenFlynn discussed with Amb. Kislyak. But they h…
The greatest political crime in USA History! 
Yet she doesn’t let people even breath in Michigan. A very bad double standard! 
RT @GreggJarrett: Former CBS Reporter One Of The First ‘To Identify Myself As A Target of Illegal Spying Under Obama Admin’ 
Trump on Russia Hoax: ‘When the Papers Come Out’ We Will Learn Obama ‘Knew Everything’ 
RT @SidneyPowell1: #Mueller investigation viewed exposure of truth as #ObstructionOfJustice.
It was all so corrupt.and so wrong.
What liars…
Thank you Cowboys. See you in New Mexico! 
RT @CherokeeOwl: Joe you lost the Black Vote with a stupid comment- now you’ve lost the Latino Vote with this gaff👇👇

Latinos don’t like to…
RT @ConservaMomUSA: @realDonaldTrump Hey @Jack- while you’re at it- can you #FactCheck all #FISA applications?
#SpyGate
#ObamaGate
#Trump20…
RT @sxdoc: FBI Director Wray opens “internal review” into how bureau handled Michael Flynn case

Lou Dobbs/ Tom Fitt…
He looks better! 
RT @LindaSuhler: @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs Absolutely 100% the greatest President in history!  Thank you, Lou Dobbs!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Conor Lamb has proven to be an American fraud, and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi.…
RT @SeanParnellUSA: Talked with @PeteHegseth this morning about the urgency of reopening #PA safely, @realDonaldTrump’s incredible endorsem…
RT @SaraCarterDC: .@SeanParnellUSA Says Trump's Endorsement Is A 'tremendous honor' 

"I left the military with next to nothing. A decade l…
Thank you Lou! 
Who else gave the less than elite (We are the elite. We know how to WIN!) 260 great new Federal Judges, 2 SCJ’s, Low Taxes, biggest ever REG. CUTS, Rebuilt Military, Choice, saved 2A & MUCH more? Not Sleepy Joe! Thank you Erick. 
RT @mrddmia: Cheers to the Arizona Attorney General (@GeneralBrnovich) for stepping up and protecting Arizonans from trillion-dollar monopo…
RT @EWErickson: Rush Limbaugh gets an extraordinary amount of hate from people who failed in the talk radio business.  These same people ar…
RT @LoganDobson: An obviously true statement that will nevertheless drive people on the internet insane: 

“Zuckerberg says private compani…
Texas Supreme Court: Lack of immunity to COVID-19 alone not enough to vote by mail 
RT @McAllisterDen: If you have time today, please pray for Rush Limbaugh and his family—strength, peace, comfort and healing according to G…
Big Tech is doing everything in their very considerable power to CENSOR in advance of the 2020 Election. If that happens, we no longer have our freedom. I will never let it happen! They tried hard in 2016, and lost. Now they are going absolutely CRAZY. Stay Tuned!!!
"He is arguably the greatest president in our history.” Thank you @LouDobbs! 
At my request, the FBI and the Department of Justice are already well into an investigation as to the very sad and tragic death in Minnesota of George Floyd....
....I have asked for this investigation to be expedited and greatly appreciate all of the work done by local law enforcement. My heart goes out to George’s family and friends. Justice will be served!
If the FISA Bill is passed tonight on the House floor, I will quickly VETO it. Our Country has just suffered through the greatest political crime in its history. The massive abuse of FISA was a big part of it!
Thank you to @NASA and @SpaceX for their hard work and leadership. Look forward to being back with you on Saturday!
RT @NASA: LIVE NOW: History is about to be made. Watch as @NASA_Astronauts #LaunchAmerica to the @Space_Station from American soil for the…
WARRANTLESS SURVEILLANCE OF AMERICANS IS WRONG!
RT @NASA: Welcome to Launch Day 🚀

Live #LaunchAmerica coverage starts at 12:15pm ET. Liftoff is at 4:33pm ET. 

Let’s light this candle!…
RT @realDonaldTrump: OBAMAGATE MAKES WATERGATE LOOK LIKE SMALL POTATOES!
Twitter has now shown that everything we have been saying about them (and their other compatriots) is correct. Big action to follow!
The Radical Left Lamestream Media, together with their partner, the Do Nothing Democrats, are trying to spread a new narrative that President Trump was slow in reacting to Covid 19. Wrong, I was very fast, even doing the Ban on China long before anybody thought necessary!
Psycho Joe Scarborough is rattled, not only by his bad ratings but all of the things and facts that are coming out on the internet about opening a Cold Case. He knows what is happening!
We pass 15,000,000 Tests Today, by far the most in the World. Open Safely!
We are acting as a police force, not the fighting force that we are, in Afghanistan. After 19 years, it is time for them to police their own Country. Bring our soldiers back home but closely watch what is going on and strike with a thunder like never before, if necessary!
OBAMAGATE MAKES WATERGATE LOOK LIKE SMALL POTATOES!
New papers make CLEAR that the Obama Administration SPIED, in an unprecedented manner, on the Trump Campaign and beyond, and even on the United States Senate. Nobody would ever have believed that this level of illegality and corruption would be taking place in our beautiful USA!
We have informed both India and China that the United States is ready, willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute. Thank you!
....happen again. Just like we can’t let large scale Mail-In Ballots take root in our Country. It would be a free for all on cheating, forgery and the theft of Ballots. Whoever cheated the most would win. Likewise, Social Media. Clean up your act, NOW!!!!
Republicans feel that Social Media Platforms totally silence conservatives voices. We will strongly regulate, or close them down, before we can ever allow this to happen. We saw what they attempted to do, and failed, in 2016. We can’t let a more sophisticated version of that....
RT @GreggJarrett: Trump on Russia Hoax: ‘When the Papers Come Out’ We Will Learn Obama ‘Knew Everything’ 
RT @jsolomonReports: BREAKING: FBI opened Russia probe on third-hand ‘suggestion’ of collusion, declassified memo shows. Former FBI exec sa…
RT @GreggJarrett: Flynn Attorney: Whole Thing ‘Set Up Within the FBI and in the Oval Office with President Obama 
RT @jsolomonReports: Declassifications to continue: White House hints that under new intel chief, more Michael Flynn documents could be rel…
RT @jsolomonReports: In apparent ‘error,’ YouTube has been censoring comments critical of Chinese Communist Party | Just The News 
RT @jsolomonReports: President Trump blasts Twitter after the platform disputed the accuracy of two of his tweets | Just The News 
RT @GreggJarrett: Yovanovitch Misleading in ’19 Impeachment Testimony; GOP Requests All Documents on Burisma and Hunter Biden 
RT @GreggJarrett: KT McFarland: Rice Email Was a ‘Cover Your A**’ Memorandum 
RT @GreggJarrett: Judge in Flynn case hired an attorney to represent him in appeals court review of his actions. This is not allowed becaus…
RT @GreggJarrett: Moreover, if Sullivan discussed his thoughts about the case with private counsel, hasn’t he engaged in improper “ex parte…
RT @GreggJarrett: If you missed the show, “Witch Hunt: The Flynn Vindication,” it repeats tonight at 11 pm, eastern, on the Fox News Channe…
RT @GreggJarrett: Joe diGenova: Rice Memo Shifted Blame to James Comey, ‘Who I Predict’ Will Be Indicted 
RT @GreggJarrett: Ex-Independent Counsel Robert Ray predicts prosecutions from Durham probe: ‘Political scandal of the highest order’ 
Former CBS Reporter One Of The First ‘To Identify Myself As A Target of Illegal Spying Under Obama Admin’ 
RT @GreggJarrett: Don't miss "Witch Hunt: The Flynn Vindication" this Sunday at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel 
RT @thehill: Trump blasts California over mail-in voting following Republican lawsuit 
Congratulations to author Nick Adams on the @simonschuster publication of your new book, “Trump and Churchill, Defenders of Western Civilization”. Certainly a great honor to be compared, in any way, to Winston Churchill.  @NickAdamsinUSA
The Failing @nytimes, winner of @PulitzerPrizes for its totally flawed coverage of the illegal Russia Witch Hunt, does its research as follows: Think of the absolute worst things you can say about Donald J. Trump, pretend there are sources, and just say it. RETURN THE PULITZERS!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Stock Market up BIG, DOW crosses 25,000. S&P 500 over 3000. States should open up ASAP. The Transition to Greatness ha…
Great News: The boring but very nasty magazine, The Atlantic, is rapidly failing, going down the tubes, and has just been forced to announce it is laying off at least 20% of its staff in order to limp into the future. This is a tough time to be in the Fake News Business!
.@Twitter is now interfering in the 2020 Presidential Election. They are saying my statement on Mail-In Ballots, which will lead to massive corruption and fraud, is incorrect, based on fact-checking by Fake News CNN and the Amazon Washington Post....
....Twitter is completely stifling FREE SPEECH, and I, as President, will not allow it to happen!
I hope all Republican House Members vote NO on FISA until such time as our Country is able to determine how and why the greatest political, criminal, and subversive scandal in USA history took place!
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President Trump Delivers Remarks on Protecting Seniors 
Didn’t Obama, whose Administration has now been caught cold illegally spying on the Trump campaign, recently also get caught playing golf on a course in Virginia, despite his wife Michelle urging people to stay home, before and after his round, in a major public service message?
....A total double standard. The only thing the Dems have going for them is their very close relationship with the Fake News Lamestream Media!
How brilliant are our FARMERS? Thank you @lgutwein99_31, real talent! #MAGA 
....One person lost to this invisible virus is too much, it should have been stopped at its source, China, but I acted very quickly, and made the right decisions. Many of the current political complainers thought, at the time, that I was moving far to fast, like Crazy Nancy!
For all of the political hacks out there, if I hadn’t done my job well, & early, we would have lost 1 1/2 to 2 Million People, as opposed to the 100,000 plus that looks like will be the number. That’s 15 to 20 times more than we will lose. I shut down entry from China very early!
We made most Governors look very good, even great, by getting them the Ventilators, unlimited Testing, and supplies, all of which they should have had in their own stockpiles. So they look great, and I just keep rolling along, doing great things and getting Fake Lamestream News!
Stock Market up BIG, DOW crosses 25,000. S&P 500 over 3000. States should open up ASAP. The Transition to Greatness has started, ahead of schedule. There will be ups and downs, but next year will be one of the best ever!
....about whether or not Joe could have done such a horrible thing? Maybe or maybe not, but I find Joe to be a total Nut Job, and I knew him well, far better than most. So many unanswered & obvious questions, but I won’t bring them up now! Law enforcement eventually will?
The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough was not a Donald Trump original thought, this has been going on for years, long before I joined the chorus. In 2016 when Joe & his wacky future ex-wife, Mika, would endlessly interview me, I would always be thinking....
The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough
Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Conor Lamb has proven to be an American fraud, and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi. He said he would NOT vote for her for Speaker, and did. Will kill 2A. Voted to impeach (on nothing). A TOTAL & COMPLETE Sean Parnell Endorsement! 
....living in the state, no matter who they are or how they got there, will get one. That will be followed up with professionals telling all of these people, many of whom have never even thought of voting before, how, and for whom, to vote. This will be a Rigged Election. No way!
There is NO WAY (ZERO!) that Mail-In Ballots will be anything less than substantially fraudulent. Mail boxes will be robbed, ballots will be forged & even illegally printed out & fraudulently signed. The Governor of California is sending Ballots to millions of people, anyone.....
Joe Biden’s handling of the H1N1 Swine Flu was a complete and total disaster. Even polls on the matter were terrible!
RT @brithume: This might help explain why Trump doesn’t like to wear a mask in public. Biden today. 
Great reviews on our handling of Covid 19, sometimes referred to as the China Virus. Ventilators, Testing, Medical Supply Distribution, we made a lot of Governors look very good - And got no credit for so doing. Most importantly, we helped a lot of great people!
Nobody in 50 years has been WEAKER on China than Sleepy Joe Biden. He was asleep at the wheel. He gave them EVERYTHING they wanted, including rip-off Trade Deals. I am getting it all back!
Sleepy Joe Biden (mostly his reps.) went crazy when I banned, in late January, people coming in from China. He called me “xenophobic” & then went equally “nuts” when we let in 44,000 people - until he was told they were American citizens coming home. He later apologized!
Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Connor Lamm has proven to be an American fraud, and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi. He said he would NOT vote for her for Speaker, and did. Will kill 2A. Voted to impeach (on nothing).  A TOTAL & COMPLETE Sean Parnell Endorsement! 
I have zero interest in moving the Republican National Convention to Doral in Miami, as falsely reported by the Fake News @nytimes in order to stir up trouble. Ballroom is not nearly big enough & would like to stay in N.C., whose gov. doesn’t even know if he can let people in? 
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @Jim_Jordan: Liberty comes at the ultimate cost. 

On #MemorialDay, we remember the brave men and women who gave their lives for our cou…
RT @VinceMcMahon: The true meaning of Memorial Day is often forgotten. Remember all of those that made the ultimate sacrifice so that we ca…
RT @TrumpGolfLA: Take time to honor the brave men and women who sacrificed their lives for our Country and our freedom. We will never, ever…
....3 months and, if I waited 3 years, they would do their usual “hit” pieces anyway. They are sick with hatred and dishonesty. They are truly deranged! They don’t mention Sleepy Joe’s poor work ethic,  or all of the time Obama spent on the golf course, often flying to....
....Hawaii in a big, fully loaded 747, to play. What did that do to the so-called Carbon Footprint? He also played moments after the brutal killing by ISIS of a wonderful young man. Totally inappropriate - and it was me who shattered 100% of the ISIS Caliphate. I was left a MESS!
Some stories about the fact that in order to get outside and perhaps, even a little exercise, I played golf over the weekend. The Fake & Totally Corrupt News makes it sound like a mortal sin - I knew this would happen! What they don’t say is that it was my first golf in almost...
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @realDonaldTrump: OBAMAGATE!
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS! Get ready, it is already happening again!
HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY!
...to find, with all of the jobs and economic development it brings, another Republican National Convention site. This is not something I want to do. Thank you, and I LOVE the people of North Carolina!
...made by many thousands of enthusiastic Republicans, and others, to head to beautiful North Carolina in August. They must be immediately given an answer by the Governor as to whether or not the space will be allowed to be fully occupied. If not, we will be reluctantly forced...
...full attendance in the Arena. In other words, we would be spending  millions of dollars building the Arena to a very high standard without even knowing if the Democrat Governor would allow the Republican Party to fully occupy the space. Plans are being....
I love the Great State of North Carolina, so much so that I insisted on having the Republican National Convention in Charlotte at the end of August. Unfortunately, Democrat Governor, @RoyCooperNC is still in Shutdown mood & unable to guarantee that by August we will be allowed...
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
OBAMAGATE!
Schools in our country should be opened ASAP. Much very good information now available. @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews
RT @CDCtravel: Thinking about traveling? Before you go, consider the following: 
• Is COVID-19 spreading where you’re going? 
• Is COVID-19…
RT @CDCDirector: #Handwashing is one of the best ways to protect yourself and your family from getting sick. Learn when and how you should…
RT @CDCDirector: Be mindful of social distancing this #MemorialDay weekend. Stay at least six feet from others to slow the spread of #COVID…
RT @CDCtravel: If you need to travel within the US, make sure you follow the guidance of local officials in the location you are departing…
RT @trtworld: Japan is considering a fresh stimulus package worth over $929 billion that will consist mostly of financial aid programmes fo…
RT @AP: With numerous precautions in place, some congregants around the country headed for their churches, synagogues and mosques, days aft…
RT @markknoller: Flags atop WH continue at half-staff this weekend to honor Coronavirus victims. 
Having the G7 meeting in Washington is very important for those countries, and the World! 
Among many other very important events, meetings, and calls! 
I give, and have given from the beginning, my entire yearly salary, $400,000 to $450,000, back to our government. Last check to HHS Covid relief. My great honor! 
Sleepy Joe’s representatives have just put out an ad saying that I went to play golf (exercise) today. They think I should stay in the White House at all times. What they didn’t say is that it’s the first time I’ve played golf in almost 3 months, that Biden was constantly.....
...vacationing, relaxing & making shady deals with other countries, & that Barack was always playing golf, doing much of his traveling in a fume spewing 747 to play golf in Hawaii - Once even teeing off immediately after announcing the gruesome death of a great young man by ISIS!
The Democrats are trying to Rig the 2020 Election, plain and simple! 
A disgrace. Total corruption! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: I HOPE ALL AFRICAN AMERICANS WILL READ AND STUDY THIS. 100% CORRECT. SLEEPY JOE WILL NEVER GET YOU THERE. HE NEVER HAS…
Thank you. We love our boaters! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @realDonaldTrump: TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
Be sure to watch, “Witch Hunt, the Flynn Vindication” hosted by the very knowledgeable @GreggJarrett on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. This is yet another part of the greatest Criminal Hoax in American History!
RT @WestJournalism: 'The elites of his time, the most literate people, the editors of the largest and most influential magazines, the intel…
RT @ksorbs: This should be on a giant billboard in every city in the US. 
"America does not need to see the tax return of a billionaire who…
You are right! 
RT @thehill: Trump considers forming panel to investigate anti-conservative bias on social media: report 
RT @JohnWHuber: When you’re right, you’re right
I always stand with leaders who weren’t afraid to stand early with me. That’s why I am supporting a true conservative, @DanJohnstonND for State Treasurer of North Dakota! 
Cases, numbers and deaths are going down all over the Country!
A lot of interest in this story about Psycho Joe Scarborough. So a young marathon runner just happened to faint in his office, hit her head on his desk, & die? I would think there is a lot more to this story than that? An affair? What about the so-called investigator? Read story! 
Allen, get well soon! 
The United States cannot have all Mail In Ballots. It will be the greatest Rigged Election in history. People grab them from mailboxes, print thousands of forgeries and “force” people to sign. Also, forge names. Some absentee OK, when necessary. Trying to use Covid for this Scam!
“Full Measure with Sheryl Attkisson” interview on @ABC at 10:00 A.M. Sunday. Enjoy!
Michael Moore Torches Biden: He Lacks ‘Necessary Enthusiasm‘ to Beat Trump 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump will travel to Central Florida to watch as @NASA and @SpaceX launch astronauts from American soi…
RT @JustBeaTee: Democrats must remember that black people are not commodity. A political party does not determine our value. We see how wel…
RT @standamericanow: This week, Iran’s parliament passed a new anti-Zionism law that doubles down on its support for Palestinian terrorist…
Thank you Herschel! 
RT @SaraCarterDC: This is What '#QuidProQuo' with #Ukraine looks like
Please retweet this video so everyone of your friends can watch it
$1…
RT @JBaker31826004: I predict that @FLOTUS Melania will become the most popular FLOTUS since Jackie Kennedy. She is quietly working into th…
RT @seanhannity: Clinton Aides Spent Millions to Push Russia Hoax AFTER Trump’s Inauguration 
RT @JohnKStahlUSA: To protect PolyGrip during this pandemic, we have developed 2 options. With the DJT option, she will be able to tongue a…
RT @JohnKStahlUSA: We just got a look at the official portrait for the self proclaimed Governor of Georgia. She fought a tough race, kissed…
RT @JohnKStahlUSA: Friendly Reminder: If you stay home in November and don’t get every person you know voting for DJT, these 3 will be the…
RT @JohnKStahlUSA: Anyone know what’s going on with PolyGrip? I’ve noticed lately that her face seems glossy and she is sporting a poorly m…
RT @KamVTV: Well I’ll be... 

South Carolina election ballots found in Maryland this week.  
RT @JohnKStahlUSA: Is anyone buying that DimLib’s massive Vote-by-Mail plan is secure? I can confirm that voter rolls are 33% full of moved…
RT @TrumpWarRoom: WATCH: Joe Biden struggles to use a cell phone. 
RT @JohnKStahlUSA: What a great idea. DJT wants to start the “Shills in Space” concept. Excellent. #maga #kag #tcot
RT @JohnKStahlUSA: I like the way Kayleigh sets the agenda. She doesn’t take any crap off these pathetic, worthless, clueless DNC Shills. I…
RT @JohnKStahlUSA: When I see 1 of those polls that has Malarkey the Racist up 6-8 points everywhere, I’m thinking they must have called th…
RT @Stonewall_77: This Is Whom You Disrespect When You Dishonor Our Flag.
Please Retweet
#MAGA #WeThePeople
@CarmineZozzora @bfraser747 htt…
I HOPE ALL AFRICAN AMERICANS WILL READ AND STUDY THIS. 100% CORRECT. SLEEPY JOE WILL NEVER GET YOU THERE. HE NEVER HAS IN THE PAST. I WILL & HAVE!!! 
Many physicians agree with you. Also, some very good studies! @SteveFDA @US_FDA 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Who are the 4%? A RINO or two!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Sleepy Joe cannot bring us to greatness. He is the reason I’m here!
True! 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump says he doesn’t think Joe Biden remembers what he did yesterday 
A blow to her head? Body found under his desk? Left Congress suddenly? Big topic of discussion in Florida...and, he’s a Nut Job (with bad ratings). Keep digging, use forensic geniuses! 
Thank you! 
RT @AMErikaNGIRLLL: WATCH⬇️New Jersey Public School Teacher Tells Students Playing soccer➖’I hope you die!➖I hope you both get the Corona v…
RT @AMErikaNGIRLLL: The highest ranking members of the FBI , NSA and CIA were not only spying on Trump- They were trying to subvert his ele…
RT @TrumpWarRoom: WATCH: @KatrinaPierson explains Joe Biden's long pattern of taking Black voters for granted.

"Joe Biden thinks that the…
RT @RyanAFournier: This morning, Joe Biden said “If you have a problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump, then you ain't black."…
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....price. You should drop out of the race & pray that super liberal @DougJones, a weak & pathetic puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi & Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, gets beaten badly. He voted for impeachment based on “ZERO”. Disgraced Alabama. Coach @TTuberville will be a GREAT Senator!
Jeff, you had your chance & you blew it. Recused yourself ON DAY ONE (you never told me of a problem), and ran for the hills. You had no courage, & ruined many lives. The dirty cops, & others, got caught by better & stronger people than you. Hopefully this slime will pay a big... 
RT @HeshmatAlavi: @realDonaldTrump Mr. President,
I am an Iranian & I want to thank you for your maximum pressure policy & specifically tar…
RT @thejtlewis: @realDonaldTrump President Trump is beating Biden by 7+ points in the latest CNN poll. And you can add 10% just because it’…
RT @kathystrube_com: @Lrihendry @realDonaldTrump You gotta love love love. Trump 2020! Best President America has ever had.
RT @Lrihendry: @realDonaldTrump May 20th, 2020 Trump polls ahead of Biden in battleground states Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Maine…
Who are the 4%? A RINO or two! 
Sleepy Joe cannot bring us to greatness. He is the reason I’m here! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: USA will be bigger and stronger than ever before!
...And Sleepy Joe! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Do nothing A.G. of the Great State of Michigan, Dana Nessel, should not be taking her anger and stupidity out on Ford…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Wacky Do Nothing Attorney General of Michigan, Dana Nessel, is viciously threatening Ford Motor Company for the fa…
All things that I have GOTTEN DONE, including Criminal Justice Reform! 
RT @PressSec: Places of worship are ESSENTIAL.

President @realDonaldTrump reaffirmed his support for the First Amendment by announcing new…
Sean Parnell is a Star. We need him in Washington to Drain the Swamp! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@deanbaquet is to be seriously respected. He has long been considered one of the dumbest men in the world of journali…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....beginning, was forced to apologize (Fake News!) after the seriously wrong call of the 2016 Election, and is now wi…
RT @realDonaldTrump: HARRIS IS A GREAT AMERICAN! 

Patriots! 
RT @Jim_Jordan: • Obama-Biden IRS targeted conservatives before 2012 election. 

• Obama-Biden FBI targeted President Trump before 2016 ele…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Why doesn’t @FoxNews put up the CNBC POLL or the (believe it or not!) @CNN Poll? Hope Roger A is looking down and watc…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@FoxNews should fire their Fake Pollster. Never had a good Fox Poll!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you!
So bad! 
RT @Scavino45: CONGRATULATIONS @ODNIgov Director John Ratcliffe!
Caught in the act! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 3 years ago, after Jeff Sessions recused himself, the Fraudulent Mueller Scam began. Alabama, do not trust Jeff Sessio…
Admiral Ronny Jackson (@RonnyJackson4TX) is a very successful doctor and Navy Veteran running for Congress in #TX13. Strong on Crime, the Border and Agriculture — and he loves our Vets! Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Ronny! 
We need @KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA06
 
Congressman Guy Reschenthaler (@reschenthaler) is doing tremendous work for the people of Pennsylvania! A Navy veteran, Guy strongly supports our Vets, Borders, and always votes to uphold the Rule of Law. Guy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA14 
Congressman John Joyce (@JohnJoyceForPA) is a fighter for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania! John loves our Vets, Military and Small Businesses and always defends Life and the Second Amendment. John has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA13

Sean (@SeanParnellUSA) has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA17 
Congressman Mike Kelly (@MikeKellyforPA) is an incredible advocate for Pennsylvania! He fights to Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, Protect our Borders, and Defend the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA16 
Congressman Fred Keller (@VoteFredKeller) has been doing a phenomenal job in Congress since his special election! He strongly supports our Vets, Small Businesses, Workers, and the Second Amendment. Fred has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA12 
Congressman Glenn “GT” Thompson (@GT_TeamGT) is a hard worker for Pennsylvania! The "Dean of the Delegation", he strongly supports our incredible Farmers, Vets and the Second Amendment. “GT” has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA15 
Congressman Scott Perry (@PatriotsPerry) is an incredible fighter for Pennsylvania! He served our country as an Army General and now he fights for our Seniors, Vets, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA10 
Congressman Lloyd Smucker (@LloydSmuckerPA) is working hard for the people of Pennsylvania! Lloyd strongly supports the Second Amendment, and he’s fighting for our incredible Workers, Military and Vets. Lloyd has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA11 
Congressman Dan Meuser (@Meuser4Congress) is a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania! Dan loves our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment – a real supporter of our #MAGA agenda. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA09

Lisa Scheller (@SchellerforPA) will fight for the incredible people of Pennsylvania in Congress! She strongly supports our Military, Vets, Small Businesses and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA07

David Young (@YoungForIowa) is a champion for Iowa! He helped us pass the Trump Tax Cuts and he will always fight for our Small Businesses, Military, the Second Amendment and our Great Farmers! David has my Complete & Total Endorsement! #IA03 
Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, & our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
3 years ago, after Jeff Sessions recused himself, the Fraudulent Mueller Scam began. Alabama, do not trust Jeff Sessions. He let our Country down. That’s why I endorsed Coach Tommy Tuberville (@TTuberville), the true supporter of our #MAGA agenda! 
....beginning, was forced to apologize (Fake News!) after the seriously wrong call of the 2016 Election, and is now willing to write anything, even if not truthful. He laughs at his boss, Publisher A.G. Sulzberger, and I laugh at them all. The @nytimes is a total mess!
.@deanbaquet is to be seriously respected. He has long been considered one of the dumbest men in the world of journalism, and he became Executive Editor of the Failing New York Times. Not easy to do. He has given up on “figuring Trump out”. Called it all wrong from the....
$49.8M is on its way to @DallasLoveField Airport to aid in economic recovery. This Federal funding will support aviation in the Dallas area & keep aviation workers on the job & commerce moving at one of our important medium hub airports. Proud to support our friends in Dallas!
I am proud to announce that the Maryland Aviation Administration (@MdAviation) will receive $87.8M in CARES Act Airport Grants funding to support aviation and keep commerce moving at this important gateway to the U.S. Capital Region. Very important for economic recovery!
HARRIS IS A GREAT AMERICAN! 

RT @SenatorTimScott: Joe Biden’s comments are the most arrogant and condescending thing I’ve heard in a very long time. I am offended, but…
THANK YOU! #RollingToRemember 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a press briefing 
Why doesn’t @FoxNews put up the CNBC POLL or the (believe it or not!) @CNN Poll? Hope Roger A is looking down and watching what has happened to this once beautiful creation!
.@FoxNews should fire their Fake Pollster. Never had a good Fox Poll! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Thank you! 
Do nothing A.G. of the Great State of Michigan, Dana Nessel, should not be taking her anger and stupidity out on Ford Motor - they might get upset with you and leave the state, like so many other companies have - until I came along and brought business back to Michigan. JOBS!
The Wacky Do Nothing Attorney General of Michigan, Dana Nessel, is viciously threatening Ford Motor Company for the fact that I inspected a Ventilator plant without a mask. Not their fault, & I did put on a mask. No wonder many auto companies left Michigan, until I came along!
RT @GOPChairwoman: “As one grateful nation, we proclaim: God bless our health care workers!” - @realDonaldTrump in Michigan 
RT @JesseBWatters: "One of the main reasons @realdonaldtrump got elected in the first place was Barack Obama" #TheFive 
No Voter Fraud! 
USA will be bigger and stronger than ever before! 
Is this even possible to believe? Can this be for real? Where is this nursing home, how is the victim doing?
RT @CNN: First lady Melania Trump thanked students for helping to keep the country safe and acknowledged recent changes they’ve had to make…
“President Trump is leading Joe Biden (D) in the battleground state of Pennsylvania 50.2 percent to 45.5 percent...This is significant, as it reflects a 4.7 percent jump from the previous survey.” 
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @Jim_Jordan: House Democrats held another fake #coronavirus hearing today. 

Their own witness agreed that it’s time to go back to work.…
RT @realDonaldTrump: DOJ: Democrats Paid Pennsylvania Election Officials to Stuff Ballot Box 
Big day for JUSTICE. Congratulations John! 
RT @USNavy: Take a look inside the cockpit of the @BlueAngels as they zoom over the USS Harry S. Truman! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Wow!
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
RT @TeamTrump: New @CNBC poll in key electoral states....

5,408 likely voters: AZ, FL, MI, NC, PA, WI.

@realDonaldTrump leads @JoeBiden 4…
....On Monday, the flags will be at half-staff in honor of the men and women in our Military who have made the Ultimate Sacrifice for our Nation.
I will be lowering the flags on all Federal Buildings and National Monuments to half-staff over the next three days in memory of the Americans we have lost to the CoronaVirus....
Another $298M heading to @MTA, adding up to over $2B in federal funding from @USDOT so far, part of the $3.9B total from the CARES Act. This is critical to keeping essential personnel moving and aiding metro NYC in recovery. We are here for the people of New York!
RT @WhiteHouse: We send our love to all those affected by the flooding near Midland. 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is at @Ford's Rawsonville Plant!

America's workers make our Nation proud! 🇺🇸 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS Delivers Remarks at Ford Rawsonville Components Plant 
DOJ: Democrats Paid Pennsylvania Election Officials to Stuff Ballot Box 
....Hahn, Richard Goodstein, Donna Brazile, Niel Cavuto, and many others. They repeat the worst of the Democrat speaking points, and lies. All of the good is totally nullified, and more. Net Result = BAD! CNN & MSDNC are all in for the Do Nothing Democrats! Fox WAS Great!
Many will disagree, but @FoxNews is doing nothing to help Republicans, and me, get re-elected on November 3rd. Sure, there are some truly GREAT people on Fox, but you also have some real “garbage” littered all over the network, people like Dummy Juan Williams, Schumerite Chris...
Just departed the @WhiteHouse for the Great State of Michigan! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: China is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have Sleepy Joe Biden win the presidential…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump has negotiated better trade deals that brought back American jobs and American manufacturing.…
RT @TeamTrump: White House Press Secretary @KayleighMcEnany: President @realDonaldTrump’s public-private partnership is DELIVERING!

✅Over…
RT @charliekirk11: Why did Susan Rice need to send herself an email telling herself that Obama said the Flynn issue was being handled "by t…
RT @charliekirk11: RT if President Trump should withhold federal funds to states that try to STEAL our elections with voter fraud!
Wow! 
RT @JackPosobiec: Sweden becomes country with highest coronavirus death rate per capita

China is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have Sleepy Joe Biden win the presidential race so they can continue to rip-off the United States, as they have done for decades, until I came along!
....It all comes from the top. They could have easily stopped the plague, but they didn’t!
Spokesman speaks stupidly on behalf of China, trying desperately to deflect the pain and carnage that their country spread throughout the world. Its disinformation and propaganda attack on the United States and Europe is a disgrace....
....Together, we built the greatest economy in history. We will do it again – better than ever before!
Great call with thousands of our Hispanic community, business, and faith leaders today. During this national trial, we have been uplifted by the grit, determination, prayers, and patriotism of Hispanic Americans....
Michigan sends absentee ballot applications to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!
....beaten Sleepy Joe in a LANDSLIDE, every State, if these events didn’t happen. Even if Warren just dropped out, he would have easily won. Dems did it to him with Crooked Hillary and now, even more so...and Bernie doesn’t even complain. VOTE for Trump on TRADE, better than BS!
Crazy Bernie Sanders is not a fighter. He gives up too easy! The Dem establishment gets Alfred E. Newman (Mayor Pete) & @amyklobuchar to quit & endorse Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday, & gets Pocahontas to stay in the race, taking thousands of votes from Bernie. He would have....
Congratulations to my daughter, Tiffany, on graduating from Georgetown Law. Great student, great school. Just what I need is a lawyer in the family. Proud of you Tiff!
The Tulsa, Oklahoma area has been approved for a transportation loan from the @USDOT of up to $120M to help expand highway on the Gilcrease Expressway West Project. This will mean less congestion and faster routes to popular spots! @GovStitt
We have sent our best Military & @FEMA Teams, already there. Governor must now “set you free” to help. Will be with you soon! 
Great news for the Dallas area! Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART) will be receiving $229M in funding to keep front line workers, and the many riders that depend on transit, employed and safe. This will be critical to economic recovery! @GregAbbott_TX @dartmedia
My team is closely monitoring the flooding in Central Michigan – Stay SAFE and listen to local officials. Our brave First Responders are once again stepping up to serve their fellow citizens, THANK YOU!
Now that our Country is “Transitioning back to Greatness”, I am considering rescheduling the G-7, on the same or similar date, in Washington, D.C., at the legendary Camp David. The other members are also beginning their COMEBACK. It would be a great sign to all - normalization!
State of Nevada “thinks” that they can send out illegal vote by mail ballots, creating a great Voter Fraud scenario for the State and the U.S. They can’t! If they do, “I think” I can hold up funds to the State. Sorry, but you must not cheat in elections. @RussVought45 @USTreasury
Some wacko in China just released a statement blaming everybody other than China for the Virus which has now killed hundreds of thousands of people. Please explain to this dope that it was the “incompetence of China”, and nothing else, that did this mass Worldwide killing!
“I said NO to a deal, Lou. If I would be willing to re-remember......they would recommend no jail time, & I said NO. This President needs to be re-elected, Lou. One of the greatest Presidents in my lifetime. I would never give false testimony against him.” Roger Stone @LouDobbs..
....Roger Stone has been treated very unfairly. How about that jury Forewoman, does anybody think that was fair. DISGRACEFUL! Stay tuned.  @FoxNews And guys like Low Ratings Psycho Joe Scarborough are allowed to walk the streets? Open Cold Case!
Consistently great reporting by Elizabeth MacDonald of @FoxBusiness. She really understands OBAMAGATE!
RT @JonathanTurley: The Flynn case is fast becoming a case of gross judicial overreach as the court appears to assume both judicial and exe…
YES! 
A really great woman, and what a job she is doing! 
RT @WSJ: From @WSJopinion: The use of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act against so many U.S. citizens presents a fundamental threat…
RT @marc_lotter: Come on man... Seriously? 🤦
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Susan Rice knew exactly what she was doing. That’s why she wrote herself emails in a desperate attempt to cover her tr…
The Fake News knows this. Thanks Katie! 
RT @KatiePavlich: Exclusive: Former Acting AG Whitaker's New Book Gives Insider Details About How the DOJ Tried to Subvert Trump


RT @KimStrassel: This is a fabulous resource.
 
RT @AriFleischer: James Comey already admitted the manner in which he set up the FBI meeting with General Flynn was deliberately not done b…
RT @AlanDersh: All civil libertarians who care about non partisan justice should support a new trial for Roger Stone based on this new info…
RT @AlanDersh: Flynn Was Innocent All Along: He Was Pressured to Plead Guilty
 
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: The ACLU’s Absurd Title IX Lawsuit - our @NRO editorial ... 
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Rice tried to protect Obama, blame Comey for withholding intelligence from Flynn & Trump team - my ⁦@FoxNews⁩ ⁦@FoxNew…
RT @dbongino: What clueless libs, & media activists, are completely missing in this crisis is that trust in govt has been decimated. People…
RT @SaraCarterDC: Graham Asks Grenell, Barr To Reveal Other 'Unmasked' Trump Officials 
RT @seanmdav: Newly declassified portions of a bizzare Inaugration Day e-mail Susan Rice wrote to herself confirm that the 2017 campaign to…
They got caught. Some very nervous criminals out there. Thank you Ted! 
Thank you! 
RT @thebradfordfile: President @realDonaldTrump needs to retweet this video of Susan Rice lying through her teeth about unmasking. 

RT @stoolpresidente: This guy sums it up perfectly.  @myfoxboston 
RT @danraemc: My favorite maga couple!!! Y’all don’t know these people off social media so you don’t know they’re as real as they are onlin…
Thanks. Sleepy Joe has given you nothing, and never will! 
Thank you Emily! 
RT @Jim_Jordan: The Obama-Biden Administration had NO indication that General Flynn did anything wrong. 

But they spied on him anyways!
So true. OBAMAGATE! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@foxandfriends trounces Morning Psycho (MSDNC) in the Ratings!
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @Jim_Jordan: Where is Christopher Wray?
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @Jim_Jordan: April 2020: The Trump Administration isn’t doing enough when it comes to #coronavirus testing! 

May 2020: We now have too…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a Cabinet meeting 
THANK YOU @SenateGOP! 
RT @SecretarySonny: .@realDonaldTrump authorized @USDA to ensure our patriotic farmers, ranchers, and producers are supported. We are movin…
RT @WhiteHouse: "Farmers across America are very appreciative, Mr. President, of what you've done," says @ZippyDuvall, president of @FarmBu…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is announcing major action to support our Nation's farmers, ranchers, and growers! 
“The Massive Trump Coronavirus Supply Effort that the Media Loves to Hate” @RichLowry 
I am pleased to announce that the Seattle area’s @SoundTransit will receive over $166M in federal funds from @USDOT to help keep the transit system open & operational, helping get people to work or make necessary trips. These funds help replace lost fare revenue, very important!
I am proud to announce the Portland Area’s @trimet will receive over $184M in federal funds to support continued operations of their transit system. This will keep workers on the job and help the economic recovery by ensuring reliable transportation!
I am proud to announce the San Francisco Bay Area will receive over $700M in federal funds to support continued operations and support workers at @flySFO Intl Airport and for transit on @sfmta_muni & @SFBart. This money will aid in economic recovery!
DC’s @WMATA system is getting over $876M, a big boost to stay open & operating! The federal funds will keep workers paid & buses & trains running on a limited schedule as they are needed for essential trips. Good news for those who rely on transit! Congrats to @MayorBowser & all!
.@foxandfriends trounces Morning Psycho (MSDNC) in the Ratings!
This is the letter sent to Dr. Tedros of the World Health Organization. It is self-explanatory! 
.@FoxNews is no longer the same. We miss the great Roger Ailes. You have more anti-Trump people, by far, than ever before. Looking for a new outlet! 
RT @mitchellvii: CAVUTO IS AN IDIOT. THIS DRUG DOES NOT KILL PEOPLE - Neil Cavuto Stunned by Trump Taking Hydroxychloroquine: ‘It Will Kill…
RT @HoarseWisperer: Fox News on hydroxychloroquine in the last two days:

Neil Cavuto: It’ll kill you!!!

Laura Ingraham: Take it! Take it!…
RT @mitchellvii: I can't keep tweeting this enough because the sheer stupidity of what Cavuto said boggles the mind. He claimed that if you…
RT @NolteNC: Cavuto’s losing to CNN. Can’t imagine why. What an asshole.
RT @Breaking911: Neil Cavuto, who just told viewers they would die if they took Hydroxychloroquine, speaks to a doctor who says the drug ca…
RT @RealWayneRoot: Hard to Believe Cavuto is this foolish & gullible. The VA study he quotes is total fraud conducted on only very old, sic…
A fantastic new book, “American Crusade” written by a Great American Patriot, @PeteHegseth — is available tomorrow! Hear more about it as he joins @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00pmE and @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 8:30amE. Get your copy today! 
Today we commemorate the 100th Anniversary of the birth of Saint John Paul II. HAPPY BIRTHDAY! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a roundtable 
OIL (ENERGY) IS BACK!!!!
LOSER! 
Sleepy Joe  is wrong again! 
So the so-called HHS Whistleblower was against HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE. Then why did he make, and sign, an emergency use authorization? @NorahODonnell said, “He shared his concerns with a reporter.” In other words, he LEAKED. A dumb @60Minutes hit job on a grandstanding Never Trumper!
We are with them! 
The Wall Street Journal Editorial states that it doesn’t want me to act in an “impulsive” manner in Afghanistan. Could somebody please explain to them that we have been there for 19 years, and while soldier counts are way down now, hardly impulsive. Besides, the Taliban is.....
.....mixed about even wanting us to get out. They make a fortune $$$ by having us stay, and except at the beginning, we never really fought to win. We are more of a police force than the mighty military that we are, especially now as rebuilt. No, I am not acting impulsively!
Wow! The Front Page @washingtonpost Headline reads, “A BOOST IN TESTS, BUT LACK OF TAKERS.” We have done a great job on Ventilators, Testing, and everything else. Were left little by Obama. Over 11 million tests, and going up fast. More than all countries in the world, combined.
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS
REOPEN OUR COUNTRY!
RT @realDonaldTrump: 100% correct!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I think that is a great compliment. Thank you James!
RT @realDonaldTrump: A CNN Faker!
RT @realDonaldTrump: The number of Coronavirus cases is strongly trending downward throughout the United States, with few exceptions. Very…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Wall is going up fast. 184 miles as of today!
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Obama Administration is turning out to be one of the most corrupt and incompetent in U.S. history. Remember, he an…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Lacy will do a great job. Omar is a corrupt disaster!
Yes! 
True, except to the Fake News Media and a former president who didn’t have a clue! 
RT @Scavino45: President Trump returning to the White House on Marine One, from Camp David.... 
This is unbelievable! 
MAGA crowds are bigger than ever! 
This love of Country went all over. They hate Fake News, and so do I! 
This picture seems like just yesterday when Ronald recieved the Congressional Medal of Honor. What a man! 
....spews lies. @60Minutes report was incorrect, which they couldn’t care less about. Fake News! I don’t know this guy, never met him, but don’t like what I see. How can a creep like this show up to work tomorrow & report to @SecAzar, his boss, after trashing him on T.V.?....
....This whole Whistleblower racket needs to be looked at very closely, it is causing great injustice & harm. I hope you are listening @SenSusanCollins  I also hope that Shari Redstone will take a look at her poorly performing gang. She knows how to make things right!
.@60Minutes & third place anchor, @NorahODonnell, are doing everything in their power to demean our Country, much to the benefit of the Radical Left Democrats. Tonight they put on yet another Fake “Whistleblower”, a disgruntled employee who supports Dems, fabricates stories, &...
Enjoy the campaign Joe! 
Great job Peter! 
100% correct! 
RT @KamVTV: Obama’s FBI did not break rules or policies. They broke laws. 

They did not make mistakes.
They committed crimes.
Watch @marklevinshow tonight on @FoxNews. He covers the Russia Hoax and all of the other criminality that came from the Obama Administration They got caught! A repeat later in evening. Really something.
RT @KamVTV: If Democrat ideas are so great, why do they need to commit voter fraud to win?
I think that is a great compliment. Thank you James! 
They, and the Lamestream Media (including Jake), have spent 3 1/2 years illegally smearing me. They got caught! 
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Returning now from a very productive weekend at Camp David with @realDonaldTrump and a few of my @HouseGOP colleagues. Th…
The most incompetent and corrupt administration in U.S. history! 
A CNN Faker! 
The number of Coronavirus cases is strongly trending downward throughout the United States, with few exceptions. Very good news, indeed!
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @charliekirk11: Did you know:

The ACLU is suing Dallas County officials to release all inmates who are susceptible to contracting Coron…
Wall is going up fast. 184 miles as of today! 
RT @charliekirk11: Sick:

A Denver inmate with a criminal history dating back 22 years was released from prison on April 15th

Less than a…
RT @charliekirk11: BREAKING:

Democrats just launched ANOTHER investigation into Donald Trump

This time for the legal firing of a partisan…
Hard to believe considering the Lamestream Media is totally corrupt. The people understand! 
A great guy, a great book! 
RT @bennyjohnson: What if people talked like @JOEBIDEN?

Awkward... 
RT @LizRNC: "In other words, the Obama-Biden paper packet was superseded by a President Trump-style pandemic preparedness response plan." -…
Fake Journalism. So bad for our Country! 
The Obama Administration is turning out to be one of the most corrupt and incompetent in U.S. history. Remember, he and Sleepy Joe are the reasons I am in the White House!!!
Lacy will do a great job. Omar is a corrupt disaster! 
RT @DailyCaller: Health Secretary Azar Says America ‘Must’ Reopen — ‘It’s Not Health Vs. The Economy, It’s Actually Health Vs. Health’ http…
RT @OANN: HHS Secy. Azar: America’s Coronavirus Response Has Been Historic 
Thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters.” I will never let you down! #MAGA 
Doing REALLY well, medically, on solving the CoronaVirus situation (Plague!). It will happen!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews. Thank you!
RT @KatiePavlich: There’s going to be more to this story. Linick was under investigation by DOD last year for mishandling sensitive informa…
Phyllis George was a great person and a true pioneer for women in television. The NFL could not have made a better “pick” when they choose Phyllis to be the first woman to represent them. Also, a wonderful First Lady of Kentucky as the wife of Gov. John Y. Brown....
....May Phyllis Rest In Peace. Warmest condolences to her beloved family!!!
Great Rally and fantastic job on @ffweekend this morning. It is all happening! #MAGA 
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews. Thank you!
.....are therefore given massive advantages over The United States, and everyone else? Prior to the Plague floating in from China, our Economy was blowing everybody away, the best of any country, EVER. We will be there again, and soon!
Why is it that China, for decades, and with a population much bigger than ours, is paying a tiny fraction of $’s to The World Health Organization, The United Nations and, worst of all, The World Trade Organization, where they are considered a so-called “developing country” and...
Doing a GREAT job! 
Thank you! 
RT @madisongesiotto: Unreal! (But not surprising)
OBAMAGATE!
Mitch, I love you, but this is 100% true. Time is running out. Get tough and move quickly, or it will be too late. The Dems are vicious, but got caught. They MUST pay a big price for what they have done to our Country. Don’t let them get away with this! @LindseyGrahamSC 
This is true. I say it all the time. The Republicans must play by the same rules, or die! Wow Mollie, you are good. 
Really sad, but even “sadder”, watch flunky @Lawrence CRY when I whipped his mind & he was FORCED to apologize to me over Apprentice fees. Even Psycho Cold Case Joe Scarborough (bad ratings) beat him up, on air, unmercifully. Find tapes & play (5 years back?). 
RT @seanmdav: "The Mueller probe was launched not to find wrongdoing from the Trump administration, but to cover up wrongdoing by Mueller's…
RT @davidharsanyi: If FBI agents will fabricate evidence against the opposition party, and use that evidence to attain warrants from an obl…
Amazing! 
RT @MZHemingway: Of media who peddled Russia collusion hoax and are covering up truth about it, McConnell said: "you guys are so good at yo…
RT @MZHemingway: I assume that our elites in media and government pretended to fall for the Russia hoax, rather than actually fell for it,…
RT @MZHemingway: "The fact is that we already have more compelling evidence that the Obama administration engaged in misconduct than we eve…
RT @MZHemingway: WATCH: reporters pretend not to understand Obama admin scandal of leaking/spying/lying about Russia collusion. As truth co…
One of a kind! 
I’m not running against Sleepy Joe Biden. He is not even a factor. Never was, remember 1% Joe? I’m running against the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats & their partner, the real opposition party, the Lamestream Fake News Media! They are vicious & crazy, but we will WIN! 
America is proud of Ron Johnson. He never gives up! 
Is the NFL watching? 
RT @JonathanTurley: Michael Flynn was a useful tool for everyone and everything but justice: Mueller, the media, even the court. What is le…
People can’t get enough of this. Great people! 
We’ve done a GREAT job on Covid response, making all Governors look good, some fantastic (and that’s OK), but the Lamestream Media doesn’t want to go with that narrative, and the Do Nothing Dems talking point is to say only bad about “Trump”. I made everybody look good, but me!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Such a wonderful reception yesterday in Pennsylvania. Thank you! #MAGA 
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am proud to announce that the United States will donate ventilators to our friends in India. We stand with India and…
95% Approval Rating in Republican Party. 51% Plus, overall. But you NEVER read or see this in the Fake News Media. Always hearing bad, made up numbers on how badly I’m doing. Lamestream Media is unhinged and CORRUPT! 
Mexico must take control of this very big problem! 
Lou, this is just one of numerous concepts being considered under which we would pay 10% of what we have been paying over many years, matching much lower China payments. Have not made final decision. All funds are frozen. Thanks! 
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton made the following statement on the decision by the DOJ to drop its case against Gen. #MichaelFlynn: “The ta…
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch released 80 pages of new emails recently found by the FBI that further document how former SecState #Hill…
RT @JudicialWatch: BREAKING: Judicial Watch announced it filed in the CA court of appeals a Petition for Writ of Mandate that would require…
“Scandal has defined the Obama Administration.” @LisaMarieBoothe @ffweekend
The Radical Left is in total command & control of Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Google. The Administration is working to remedy this illegal situation. Stay tuned, and send names & events. Thank you Michelle! 
RT @pdkwalk: @brithume And Brit the media who are going to hate reading this will continue to go to the same exact people that fed them the…
RT @teety1970: @brithume I always believed @DevinNunes...then along comes lying @RepAdamSchiff who lied to Congress, @cnn @CNNPolitics @MSN…
RT @cheryleliz: @brithume As Victor Davis Hanson remarked... there are a small number of people in Washington that don’t care what others s…
RT @dubvee55: @brithume @BrentBozell @DevinNunes is an unsung American hero and patriot. Thank you sir!
RT @jasoninthehouse: A reminder of who Van Grack is in this fiasco .... 
RT @jasoninthehouse: Great interview.  I wonder who did an unmasking the morning of the inauguration?
RT @newtgingrich: How do you explain a House Democratic Party so crazy that their new $3 trillion proposal has 68 references to Cannabis an…
So true! 
RT @Heritage: Who do ballot harvesters most commonly target and steal votes from?

The poor and elderly. 

A vote-by-mail election would ma…
RT @SaraCarterDC: Pres. Trump Introduces Leaders Of "Operation Warp Speed" Vaccine Development Project - Sara A. Carter 
Happy Birthday Tom! 
RT @CPAC: CPAC Live: A Conversation with Matt Schlapp and special guests Sara Carter and Shelley Luther 
RT @CPAC: .@SaraCarterDC tells @mschlapp: "The Obama administration weaponized our intelligence institutions against an American citizen...…
RT @SaraCarterDC: Pres. Trump Introduces Leaders Of "Operation Warp Speed" Vaccine Development Project 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to @foxandfriends for covering, supremely, the greatest political scandal in the history of the United State…
RT @Jim_Jordan: House Democrats would rather give tax dollars to illegal immigrants than American steelworkers. 

Shameful. 
RT @GOPChairwoman: "China and who can best rebuild our economy will be the dominant issues on Election Day and that’s bad news for Joe Bide…
Hello to India! 
I’ll do it again! 
My Hero. New York’s Finest! 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Joe #BeijingBiden has spent the last half century in politics putting China first! Only @realDonaldTrump will always pu…
RT @Mike_Pence: Proud to welcome General Jay Raymond, Chief of Space Operations, United States Space Force, to my Ceremonial Office after t…
RT @KevinVesey: The level of anger directed at the media from these protestors was alarming. As always, I will tell a fair and unbiased sto…
RT @paulsperry_: Obama officials were spying on incoming National Security Adviser Flynn's foreign calls weeks before his controversial pho…
Another Fake Whistleblower. Republicans must do something about these terrible people, and now! 
“FAKE NEWS IS NOT ESSENTIAL!”

RT @PressSec: FACT CHECK: President @realDonaldTrump DID NOT dismantle the pandemic response office.

The NSC’s Counter-proliferation and B…
RT @IvankaTrump: Two years ago today @realDonaldTrump kept his promise and opened the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem. 

I was honored to be in I…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Today I was presented with the brand new @SpaceForceDoD flag in the Oval Office. I will take Great Pride in displaying…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump to NYPD officer who recovered from #Coronavirus: “You’re my hero." 
Such a wonderful reception yesterday in Pennsylvania. Thank you! #MAGA 
I am proud to announce that the United States will donate ventilators to our friends in India. We stand with India and @narendramodi during this pandemic. We’re also cooperating on vaccine development. Together we will beat the invisible enemy!
Today I was presented with the brand new @SpaceForceDoD flag in the Oval Office. I will take Great Pride in displaying it at the @WhiteHouse! 
RT @WhiteHouse: Recent data "made me feel even more confident" that a vaccine will be available by the end of 2020, Dr. Moncef Slaoui says.…
RT @WhiteHouse: Operation Warp Speed is "a massive scientific, industrial, and logistical endeavor unlike anything our country has seen sin…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS Delivers Remarks on Vaccine Development 
Chicago’s @CTA has big federal resources heading its way to keep the transit system operational and to keep people moving where they need to go. $817M will aid in the economic recovery — buy Made in the USA!
I am proud to announce that @NJTransit will receive $1.4B in CARES Act funding to assist in their continued operations and to keep people moving in the NY/NJ area! The LARGEST single Federal transit grant to New Jersey Transit ever. Together, we will prevail!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for covering, supremely, the greatest political scandal in the history of the United States, OBAMAGATE. Fake News @CNN and Concast’s own MSDNC are only trying to make their 3 year Con Job just go away. They are embarrassed and don’t know what to do....
....Likewise, the @nytimes and @washingtonpost are a disgrace to journalism. They are all Fake News, and they know it better than anyone else. History is unfolding, and it is not a pretty picture for “journalism”.
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @Jim_Jordan: Who told President Obama?
It’s about time! 
RT @GreggJarrett: Biden Campaign Responds to NSA ‘Unmasking’ List by Personally Attacking Journalist 
GREAT! 
Where is the 302? It is missing. Was it stolen or destroyed? General Flynn is being persecuted! #OBAMAGATE
Thank you to all of my great Keyboard Warriors. You are better, and far more brilliant, than anyone on Madison Avenue (Ad Agencies). There is nobody like you!
RT @SteveHiltonx: "Obamagate is not a conspiracy theory"

Obama, Biden, CIA director Brennan, intelligence chief Clapper, attorney general…
RT @GrahamLedger: This is a ray of sunshine on a cloudy year.... #ca25
RT @GrahamLedger: 
RT @thehill: Sen. Rand Paul: "Biden accessed the identity and the private conversation of a political opponent. There is no more clear viol…
RT @thehill: Democrats lose House seat in California special election 
Thank you. My great honor! 
RT @DC_Draino: Uh oh, wouldn’t want the Commies in blue states to see us Floridians all out at bars having a good time with no face masks…
Thanks. You are very cool! 
RT @SaraCarterDC: #BREAKING Jordan Requests Pompeo Turn Over Explosive Docs Exposing Alleged 'Whistleblower' And Hunter Biden 
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Top Clinton Campaign Officials Podesta and Sullivan Secretly Joined Forces With Fusion GPS After The Election --…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: The narrative that Moscow deployed Russian bots to spread Internet disinformation in support of vulnerable GOP c…
RT @paulsperry_: This is on Dr. Fauci's own NIH website:

Breakthrough: Chloroquine phosphate has shown apparent efficacy in treatment of C…
RT @DailyCaller: We got no response from the @JoeBiden campaign today when we asked them for an explanation of the then Vice President’s re…
RT @AriFleischer: Clapper gets asked a hard question and what’s he do?  He goes AWOL...
RT @KarlRove: Coronavirus Response & Ventilators: Trump Administration Handled Potential Shortage Deftly | National Review 
RT @DanHenninger: The Flynn case shows how Washington elites lost faith in the American system they administer and debased its institutions…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Intel chief releases info on ‘unmasking’ of Flynn to Capitol Hill 
Great work @Owens_Minor! On behalf of the American People, THANK YOU! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: OBAMAGATE!
RT @WhiteHouse: American workers are the best in the world! 🇺🇸 
RT @WhiteHouse: "We thank God for the courage of those on the front lines." 
RT @SecretService: Today, we lost an American Hero: Husband, Father, Son, Medal of Honor Recipient - Special Agent Ronald J. Shurer II. Fro…
RT @USAmbIsrael: Today is the 2nd anniversary of the opening of the US Embassy in Jerusalem. Pls enjoy this video which captures some of th…
RT @realDonaldTrump: OBAMAGATE!
Just landed in Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! 
RT @MikeKellyPA: It’s been said that 90% of life is showing up because when you show up, people know that you care. Thank you @POTUS @realD…
RT @GReschenthaler: FEMA is sending 83,400 testing swabs and 55,660 media tubes to the Commonwealth of PA. 

Thank you @realdonaldtrump and…
On my way, see you soon! 
RT @PtRightsAdvoc: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for your BOLD leadership during the #COVID19 crisis, AND for protecting all Americans - patie…
On my way to PENNSYLVANIA! 

RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump talks supply chains—and why they should be completely in the United States! 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump: "Every other President let China do whatever they wanted." 
RT @WhiteHouse: It's time to bring back the greatest economy in history. 
RT @TeamTrump: Democrats want OPEN BORDERS! 
I am proud to announce the first $500M of $3.9B in CARES Act transit funding headed to the NY Metropolitan Transportation Authority. Important funding to keep transit systems clean and operating to get people back to work! Spend it wisely! @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor
If I were a Senator or Congressman, the first person I would call to testify about the biggest political crime and scandal in the history of the USA, by FAR, is former President Obama. He knew EVERYTHING. Do it @LindseyGrahamSC, just do it. No more Mr. Nice Guy. No more talk!
Good numbers coming out of States that are opening. America is getting its life back! Vaccine work is looking VERY promising, before end of year. Likewise, other solutions!
22-O in my endorsements of Congressional Candidates this season. California & Wisconsin won big on Tuesday. Thank you to all of those very brilliant Voters. You will not be disappointed!
I don’t know the so-called Whistleblower Rick Bright, never met him or even heard of him, but to me he is a disgruntled employee, not liked or respected by people I spoke to and who, with his attitude, should no longer be working for our government!
The Great State of Wisconsin, home to Tom Tiffany’s big Congressional Victory on Tuesday, was just given another win. Its Democrat Governor was forced by the courts to let the State Open. The people want to get on with their lives. The place is bustling!
OBAMAGATE!
Proud of Mike! 
First time in 22 years. Mike will be a GREAT CONGRESSMAN! 
Intel chief releases info on ‘unmasking’ of Flynn to Capitol Hill 
THANK YOU, WORKING HARD! #MAGA 
As I have said for a long time, dealing with China is a very expensive thing to do. We just made a great Trade Deal, the ink was barely dry, and the World was hit by the Plague from China. 100 Trade Deals wouldn’t make up the difference - and all those innocent lives lost!
When the so-called “rich guys” speak negatively about the market, you must always remember that some are betting big against it, and make a lot of money if it goes down. Then they go positive, get big publicity, and make it going up. They get you both ways. Barely legal?
RT @dcexaminer: "It was the worst journalistic fiasco of now my more than 50 some years in journalism."

@BritHume called the media's cover…
RT @dcexaminer: MORE: 


RT @alexsalvinews: Fox News’ Brit Hume calls the media’s coverage of alleged collusion with the Trump campaign and Russia the "worst journa…
RT @dbongino: Brit Hume: Mueller report coverage 'worst journalistic fiasco' he's seen in 50-year news caree 
Obama was always wrong! 
Does anybody believe this man? Caught! 
“Newly released documents show Schiff knew all along there was no proof of Russia-Trump collusion.” Wall Street Journal
RT @LoveYourLife03: @Techno_Fog 
Big Congressional win in California for Mike Garcia, taking back a seat from the Democrats. This is the first time in many years that a California Dem seat has flipped back to a Republican. Also, Tom Tiffany beat his Democrat rival BIG in Wisconsin. Two great Congressional WINS!
RT @Techno_Fog: More on Flynn case - 

Part of the "Watergate Prosecutors" group who filed a brief opposing the DOJ motion to dismiss is Ji…
RT @jsolomonReports: FDA approves first COVID-19 antigen test 
RT @jsolomonReports: Chuck Todd’s Meet the Press show admits deceptive edit of Barr video, DOJ cries foul | Just The News 
Women for Trump co-chair: Biden might not be 'ultimate nominee,' and Dems engaging in 'elder abuse' 
RT @dcexaminer: "It was the worst journalistic fiasco of now my more than 50 some years in journalism. 

It was a disaster."

@BritHume cal…
Fake @PulitzerPrizes must be taken back. These “journalists” got everything wrong. Give them to the real journalists who got it right! 
Shifty Schiff exposed! 
RT @PNowhiteflag: @GreggJarrett 
RT @GreggJarrett: Flynn Attorney: Whole Thing ‘Set Up Within the FBI and in the Oval Office with President Obama 
Big News: Tom Tiffany of the Great State of Wisconsin has just become Congressman Tom Tiffany. He will do a FANTASTIC job for the people of Wisconsin, and the United States. Congratulations!
RT @ohiogop: Our economy was strong before covid-19 and @realDonaldTrump has equipped small businesses across the nation to get back to wor…
RT @virginiafoxx: The @WhiteHouse and @POTUS continue to lead the fight against COVID-19 in North Carolina. 

39 health centers across N.C.…
RT @RepArmstrongND: Just heard from the @WhiteHouse that a @fema shipment of 50,000 K-90 masks have been sent to ND in addition to what we…
RT @kilmeade: The true story of the ultimate American underdogs is told in my new book "Sam Houston & the Alamo Avengers" available in pape…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Remember, get out and Vote for Mike Garcia in CA25. A really big deal for our Country!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Wisconsin, please get out NOW and vote for Tom Tiffany for Congress. A great guy!
As long as other countries are receiving the benefits of Negative Rates, the USA should also accept the “GIFT”. Big numbers!
California should let Tesla & @elonmusk open the plant, NOW. It can be done Fast & Safely!
Crude Oil prices going up as Saudi Arabia cuts production levels. Our great Energy Companies, with millions of JOBS, are starting to look very good again. At the same time, gasoline prices at record lows (like a big Tax Cut). The BEST of all Worlds. “Transition To Greatness”
Wisconsin, please get out NOW and vote for Tom Tiffany for Congress. A great guy!
Looking forward to being in Allentown, Pennsylvania, on Thursday. I love the State, and for very good reason!
Remember this, every Governor who has sky high approval on their handling of the Coronavirus, and I am happy for them all, could in no way have gotten those numbers, or had that success, without me and the Federal Governments help. From Ventilators to Testing, we made it happen!
So interesting to see all of these people I beat so badly, pundits & consultants that never had a chance, telling me how to run for office. Many are Republicans who should LOVE our 280 new Judges, rebuilt Military, 2A, great V.A. Low Taxes, etc. Just don’t like that I beat them!
Our Testing is the BEST in the World, by FAR! Numbers are coming down in most parts of our Country, which wants to open and get going again. It is happening, safely!
The American People are WARRIORS!
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS
96% APPROVAL RATING IN THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. THANK YOU! We will win against a tired, exhausted man, Sleepy Joe Biden, in November.
Asian Americans are VERY angry at what China has done to our Country, and the World. Chinese Americans are the most angry of all. I don’t blame them!
RT @alexdatig: MediaBuzz: Former NBC Staffer Emily Miller Describes Culture of Harassment at NBC 
More than all other countries together! 
RT @BernardKerik: BREAKING: U.S. Officials Have Declassified List Of Obama Officials Who Were Involved In ‘Unmasking’ General Flynn | The D…
RT @alexdatig: Tammy Bruce: San Francisco Liberals Don't Push for Homeless Shelters, Turning to Big Government

RT @alexdatig: Fox’s Ingraham: Being Locked in a Basement Is a ‘Gift’ For Biden 

RT @alexdatig: ICYMI: #MeToo Founder Rose McGowan Denounces Democratic Party, Says It's A “Cult”
RT @RealJamesWoods: These were left in the lobby of an apartment building. They are unsecured ballots ripe for “harvesting” by crooked Demo…
RT @alexdatig: Sol Wisenberg: Unmasking, Leaking Flynn/Kislyak Phone Calls to Media a Felony 
RT @DailyCaller: Rose McGowan Accuses Bill Maher Of Sexual Harassment 
RT @k_kamehameha: @DailyCaller They're not trying to hide anything. They operate in the open knowing nobody will do a single thing about it…
Remember, get out and Vote for Mike Garcia in CA25. A really big deal for our Country!
When will they open a Cold Case on the Psycho Joe Scarborough matter in Florida. Did he get away with murder? Some people think so. Why did he leave Congress so quietly and quickly? Isn’t it obvious? What’s happening now? A total nut job!
Ratings way down, show sucks! 
OBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time! 
Sleepy Eyes fails again! 
Big news! 
Fake Journalists! 
A great time to have strong Borders, and we now have the strongest Borders in our history. 182 miles of Border Wall already built! Dems want Open Borders, let EVERYONE IN. No thanks! 
Then we must be very careful. Crazy Nancy would be a total disaster, and the USA will never be a Communist Country! 
ColdCaseJoe! 
The Lamestream Media is truly out of control. Look how they work (conspire!) together. They are the Enemy of the People, but don’t worry, we will WIN in November! 
RT @paulsperry_: DEVELOPING: Steele's FBI handler Gaeta testified he memorialized his initial July 5, 2016, meeting w Steele & his Nov 2016…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Clinton campaign lawyer Marc Elias testified he sent the bills from Fusion GPS to campaign manager Robby Mook, y…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: After Hillary Clinton's campaign law firm fed Comey's top FBI counsel James Baker alleged Russia dirt on Trump,…
RT @paulsperry_: It’s clear from recent revelations that President Obama & his holdovers had a morbid fear of Lt. Gen. Flynn, an anti-Islam…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: In spite of the FBI terminating Steele as an FBI informant for misconduct in 2016, his FBI handler Michael Gaeta…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Between July 2016 and October 2016, Christopher Steele provided as many as six reports regarding Trump and Russi…
RT @paulsperry_: DEVELOPING: "A few months" after Steele in November 2016 was abruptly terminated as an FBI informant, his partner at Orbis…
RT @paulsperry_: DEVELOPING: Did top brass at Obama DOJ in August 2016 task a key department conduit for Christopher Steele to make sure th…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Steele's FBI handler Michael Gaeta swore under oath that tho Steele told him in July 2016 that Glenn Simpson & a…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: In declassified doc, FBI agent Michael Gaeta testified that he asked dossier fraudster Christopher Steele in Jul…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: FBI HQ agreed to pay Steele a large undisclosed sum on Oct 3, 2016 "for his work on the dossier," his handler FB…
Interestingly! 
OBAMAGATE! 
RT @WhiteHouse: .@HHS_ASH Admiral Giroir breaks down America's leadership on testing, by the numbers. 
RT @SteveScalise: #GoodNewsOfTheDay → The Trump Administration is sending over $10 MILLION to 36 Community Health Centers across Louisiana…
RT @KenCalvert: Through Project Airbridge, California has received more than 1.2 million N95 masks, 7.5 million surgical masks, 4.5 million…
RT @KayLyme: “Good news!  President Trump and @FEMA have delivered another shipment of materials to Michigan for over 100,000 tests! @realD…
Vote @MikeGarcia2020 by May 12th! His opponent @ChristyforCA25 voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now she’s mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in #CA25! 
Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany! 
RT @WhiteHouse: The Trump Administration is providing collection supplies to help states meet their testing goals rapidly! 
RT @WhiteHouse: The number of tests completed per day has doubled over the past three weeks. 
RT @WhiteHouse: The Trump Administration has marshaled every resource at its disposal to fight the Coronavirus. 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump delivers remarks on testing 
Congressman Adrian Smith is a strong fighter for Nebraska. He fights for your Second Amendment, defends our Borders, strengthens our Military and loves our Vets! Adrian has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NE03 
Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (@SupportFortNE) is a great advocate for Nebraska. He fights for Farmers, Small Businesses and our incredible Vets and Military. Jeff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NE01 
Congressman @DonJBacon is doing a tremendous job for Nebraska! He served our Country as an Air Force General, and now he serves our Vets, Farmers, and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment. Don has my Complete & Total Endorsement! #NE02 
THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE. Sadly, our Lamestream Media is TOTALLY CORRUPT! 
RT @Techno_Fog: Developing…

The INITIAL Flynn/Kislyak leak was not to David Ignatius – it 
was to WaPo reporter Adam Entous.

The leak cam…
RT @LeeSmithDC: Did Obama spy chief lie about not briefing the Flynn-Kislyak calls to Obama? 

Me in @JustTheNews


Because it was OBAMAGATE, and he and Sleepy Joe led the charge. The most corrupt administration in U.S. history! 
RT @MZHemingway: Chuck Todd Faceplants With Deceptive Video Of William Barr 
He should be FIRED by Concast. If done by a Republican, would be “prosecuted”. @AjitPaiFCC 
RT @davidwebbshow: It's not even the pretense of news any more by @ChuckTodd #ChuckTodd and @NBCNews #MeetThePress. I'm not disappointed. T…
.@WashTimes  “FBI Went Rogue In Pursuit Of Trump”
The great people of Pennsylvania want their freedom now, and they are fully aware of what that entails. The Democrats are moving slowly, all over the USA, for political purposes. They would wait until November 3rd if it were up to them. Don’t play politics. Be safe, move quickly!
OBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time!
Coronavirus numbers are looking MUCH better, going down almost everywhere. Big progress being made!
Dems are trying to steal the Mike Garcia Congressional Race in California. Republicans, get out and VOTE for your terrific candidate, ASAP!
Great credit being given for our Coronavirus response, except in the Fake News. They are a disgrace to America!
RT @walterkkrunkite: @RLM42753 @realDonaldTrump @greg_price11 @chucktodd Twitter Deleting #ObamaGate Tonight 
@FCC  THIS IS A DISGRACE, EVEN WORSE THAN @NBC USUALLY IS, WHICH IS REALLY BAD. SLEEPY EYES MUST BE FIRED! 
RT @RLM42753: @greg_price11 @chucktodd Todd completely lied about Barr's comments..."He didn't make the case that he was upholding the rule…
RT @HalFurman: @greg_price11 @chucktodd Sleazy hit job. @chucktodd
RT @conniew195111: @DrJoeDobrowski @greg_price11 @JohnParshon @chucktodd @CBS_Herridge @CBSNews @capitalsntg @nicklaroberts Catherine Herri…
RT @DrJoeDobrowski: @greg_price11 @JohnParshon @chucktodd This is also unfair to @CBS_Herridge and an affront to @CBSNews and Catherine’s p…
RT @greg_price11: Today on Meet The Press, @chucktodd wildly took context out of an answer AG Bill Barr gave about his decision to drop the…
This is why it’s not really the Lamestream Media, it’s the Rigged Media....and it is what I’m up against. It was corrupt in 2016. Now it is much more corrupt, and what you are seeing is the least of it....but WE WILL WIN AGAIN! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd should be FIRED by “Concast” (NBC) for this fraud. He knew exactly what he was doing. Public Ai…
RT @realDonaldTrump: He got caught, OBAMAGATE!
OBAMAGATE! 
RT @DailyCaller: China Asked The WHO To Help Cover Up Coronavirus, German Intelligence Concludes

RT @DailyCaller: Trey Gowdy Identifies Reporters Who Allegedly Peddled Misleading Adam Schiff Leaks

RT @DailyCaller: Kudlow On Obama COVID-19 Criticism: ‘We’ve Created A Massive Health And Safety Infrastructure’ 
RT @DailyCaller: Flynn’s Lawyer Says Obama Was Part Of Conspiracy To Entrap Former National Security Advisor 
RT @TrumpVictoryWI: 🚨1 MILLION PHONE CALLS🚨

It’s official, Team Wisconsin has made over 1,000,000 phone calls into WI-07 to #GOTV for @Tom…
RT @ErinMPerrine: Happy Mother’s Day and thank you to every mom out there for what you do!

@TeamTrump is launching a new coalition — #Moms…
RT @TeamTrump: Team Trump Online reached more than 1 MILLION unique views for the sixth week in a row and totaled 340 MILLION views across…
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd should be FIRED by “Concast” (NBC) for this fraud. He knew exactly what he was doing. Public Airwaves = Fake News! @AjitPaiFCC  @FCC 
RT @darhar981: Attorney General Barr’s Office Shreds NBC’s Chuck Todd For ‘Deceptive Editing’ Of Barr’s Comments 
On “Meet The Press,” Todd…
RT @smalltownandrew: Wow! This video is one of the most patriotic videos I have ever seen. Gives me chills to see our amazing @POTUS and @F…
RT @smalltownandrew: @realDonaldTrump @CBS @60Minutes Trump Campaign Calls Out Chuck Todd After Dishonest Edited Video of AG Barr on Meet T…
RT @Chicago1Ray: @LVNancy @pinkk9lover @RealBasedMAGA @ROCKONOHIO @ATX_PATRIOT @oUSA_JEDIo @MazurikL @megdogwuff @VFL2013 @CB618444 WORST E…
RT @UrgentNews911: MY FAITH IN HUMANITY HAS BEEN RESTORED 🙏

SIR... YOU'RE MY HERO 💯


RT @JoanneWT09: @realDonaldTrump OBAMAGATE! 
RT @mikandynothem: Remember the picture of @BarackObama holding an American flag like @realDonaldTrump
is doing here? 

Me neither...

#Oba…
RT @mikandynothem: Trump; first President in history with the courage to stand up to China, especially after Obama's disastrous foreign pol…
He got caught, OBAMAGATE! 
Thank you! 
RT @TIME: The $60,000 telegram that helped Abraham Lincoln abolish slavery 
RT @TIME: Iran says it's ready for unconditional prisoner swap with U.S. amid coronavirus fears 
RT @TIME: Treasury Secretary Mnuchin urges governors to reopen states to prevent ‘permanent’ economic damage 
.@CBS and their show, @60Minutes, are doing everything within their power, which is far less today than it was in the past, to defend China and the horrible Virus pandemic that was inflicted on the USA and the rest of the World. I guess they want to do business in China!
RT @realDonaldTrump: We are getting great marks for the handling of the CoronaVirus pandemic, especially the very early BAN of people from…
RT @jsolomonReports: Judge rules Illinois Governor's stay-at-home order infringes civil liberties 
RT @GreggJarrett: 
RT @GreggJarrett: Joe Biden asked about Hunter’s corruption in China — responds in garbled gibberish… 
RT @GreggJarrett: Graham Releases Papadopoulos FBI Transcript; No Collusion 
RT @GreggJarrett: Newly Declassified Documents Show John Kerry’s State Department Spread Russia Collusion Narrative 
RT @GreggJarrett: Steele Lawsuit Reveals ‘Most Direct Link’ Between Russia Collusion, Clinton and Obama White House 
RT @GreggJarrett: Michael Flynn — Here’s How The FBI Entrapped and Prosecuted an Innocent Man 
This book is a MUST BUY! 
RT @GreggJarrett: Obama Sends Private Letter to National Archives Claiming ‘Confidentiality’ To Not Release Biden-Ukraine Docs 
RT @GreggJarrett: Dallas Judge Eric Moyé should be voted out of office November 3rd. Jailing a mother for keeping her salon open to feed he…
RT @GreggJarrett: Jarrett on Hannity: Comey, McCabe and Strzok Most Likely to be Investigated 
RT @GreggJarrett: Ending Michael Flynn prosecution exposes and destroys Trump-Russia collusion hoax 
OBAMAGATE!
RT @rexxurection: 
.@brianstelter is just a poor man’s lapdog for AT&T! 
RT @LionelMedia: Two complete sellouts who’ve been compromised and are heavily blackmailable forced to announce one of the most cosmically…
Wow, this is BIG! 
Thank you! 
RT @JFNYC1: 911, I'd like to report a Homicide in the WH Briefing room. 

@kayleighmcenany Savage😝 
RT @CassandraRules: Holy shit she bodied him 
RT @FLOTUS: A big thank you to the amazing people who supported & congratulated me on the 2nd anniversary of #BeBest. I will continue to fo…
RT @RealSLokhova: Whoa Congress was briefed on @GenFlynn original 302 which is now “missing”
RT @EliLake: Regardless of what Judge Sullivan does in regard to Flynn, honest observers have to reckon with what we now know about the inv…
RT @hughhewitt: Because ⁦@AndrewCMcCarthy⁩ knows very well how DOJ and it’s division, the FBI, actually operate —or are supposed to operate…
More Fake News, this time from Jimmy Kimmel’s last place show! 
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Why do I think that, if a Democrat were targeted, classified leaks, perjury traps, massaging FBI reports, misleading a…
RT @RichLowry: This case, like everything related to the Russia investigation, got weaker and weaker the more we learned about it. What a f…
RT @ScottGottliebMD: Positivity rates declining in many states as covid19 testing expands nationally. 
RT @stepkelch: @Besafe72492224 @AndrewCMcCarthy @realDonaldTrump @RichLowry Did Congress get those Briefings when all the had on their mind…
RT @Primal_Digest: @AndrewCMcCarthy @rickjdakota Rosenstein ‘Scope’ Memo Confirms Baselessness of Trump–Russia Probe

RT @rodsandguitars: @AndrewCMcCarthy @realDonaldTrump @RichLowry Who will be 1st (besides @POTUS Trump) to call for Treason Charges & deman…
RT @Tha_Raptor: @AndrewCMcCarthy @RichLowry Unless people are indited and put in prison the corruption will continue. People will continue…
RT @JJD_Aqua: @AndrewCMcCarthy @RichLowry "Collapsing". 🤣🤣🤣🤣

You mean the dishonest dropping of the Flynn case by a corrupt DOJ.
Thank you to Eli Lake! 
RT @ByronYork: From @Jim_Jordan: 'A Look Back On The Russia, Mueller, And Flynn Investigations.' He cuts to the chase. 
RT @BuckSexton: .@TGowdySC on @GenFlynn Investigation: 

'We Need an @FBI That We Can Trust' 


RT @BuckSexton: McCabe is a dishonorable partisan scumbag who has done incalculable damage to the reputation of the FBI and should be sitti…
RT @BuckSexton: Easy to think good guys won today, justice has been done for General Flynn. But that’s only partially true-

Deep state lib…
RT @BuckSexton: Between the Waco series on Netflix and now the dismissal of the case against Flynn, not exactly a strong moment in time for…
RT @BuckSexton: As you see legions of legal “experts” and Democrat politicians appearing on MSNBC/CNN tonight to cry over the Flynn decisio…
The biggest political crime in American history, by far! 
RT @BuckSexton: Trump’s Comments on Reopening Country Exactly What We Need Now, Sexton Says 
 
RT @MarkSimoneNY: Biased Jimmy Kimmel apologizes for conning his audience by deceptively editing video of VP Mike Pence to make it look lik…
RT @MarkSimoneNY: Watch a News Report On Jerry Nadler's Russia Ties:  
RT @pittman_george: Tucker Carlson Calls On Adam Schiff To Resign Over Russiagate Hoax (VIDEO) 
RT @retinaldoctor: #ObamaGate

Wow look what's trending on Twitter.

I'll bet these guys aren't laughing today. 
HAPPY MOTHER’S DAY!
Congratulations to Officer John Catanzara for being elected President of the Chicago Police Union. He always “Gets the Job Done”. #MAGA @foxandfriends
True! 
Thank you Mike! 
We are getting great marks for the handling of the CoronaVirus pandemic, especially the very early BAN of people from China, the infectious source, entering the USA. Compare that to the Obama/Sleepy Joe disaster known as H1N1 Swine Flu. Poor marks, bad polls - didn’t have a clue!
When are the Fake Journalists, who received unwarranted Pulitzer Prizes for Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Scam, going to turn in their tarnished awards so they can be given to the real journalists who got it right. I’ll give you the names, there are plenty of them!
A great man for Washington! Will Drain the Swamp! 
So great to see our Country starting to open up again! 
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: For laughs, rehearsing ... The Rosenstein Memo 
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: And this ... Rod Rosenstein’s Resistance 
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: From over a year ago, on the case for already way overdue disclosure of Rosenstein scope memo and other hidden testimo…
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Rosenstein 'scope' memo was written and concealed because he failed to comply with regs in appointing Mueller, and was…
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Something seems rotten in Flynn's case — and maybe others, too 
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: My @nypost column on DOJ's dropping of Flynn case ... 
RT @ChuckRossDC: McCabe testified he couldn't think of a single damaging piece of info "off the top of my head" that the FBI had verified f…
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: In new episode of TheMcCarthyReport, @RichLowry and I look at the Rosenstein 'scope memo' that authorized Mueller's pr…
RT @EliLake: I’ve been going through the interview transcripts that ODNI forced @AdamSchiff to release. It’s now clear why every Republican…
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Weekend @NRO column coming soon ... here's Thursday's: 
RT @Jim_Jordan: House Democrats are now considering #coronavirus legislation that PAYS states to let criminals out of prison. 

But those s…
RT @Jim_Jordan: Let’s get this straight:

-Democrats want you to stay in your house to combat #coronavirus. 

-Democrats also believe we sh…
RT @Jim_Jordan: President Trump is draining the Swamp. But the Swamp is fighting back.

• 2016: FBI spies on campaign
• 2017-2019: Mueller…
RT @JohnWHuber: DOJ: Interview by FBI agents of @GenFlynn “conducted without any legitimate investigative basis”

@Comey: “I sent them”
RT @JohnWHuber: Live shot of man living rent free inside Adam Schiff’s head 
RT @ByronYork: The January 5, 2017 meeting in which Sally Yates said she learned of Flynn-Kislyak call from President Obama himself--Susan…
RT @ShannonBream: If you're still catching your breath from today, I'm told next week will involve "a bombshell".  I'm standing by ...
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Rosenstein ‘Scope’ Memo Confirms Baselessness of Trump–Russia Probe - my @NRO column ... 
RT @Doranimated: New @Heminator piece on the framing of Mike Flynn  puts the spotlight on Joe Pientka, the most important guy you've never…
RT @JohnWHuber: Oh and Clapper must have been surprised at that briefing from Comey, because Comey denied under oath ever telling Clapper a…
RT @JohnWHuber: But nothing criminal took place on that Kislyak/Flynn call. And the Flynn “investigation” which never should have been open…
RT @JohnWHuber: The reason Obama knew about the Flynn call with Kislyak and even Sally Yates at DOJ didn’t, is that McCabe told Comey, who…
RT @JohnWHuber: Mueller can’t remember his own name, let alone defend it
RT @Techno_Fog: Flynn prosecutor Brandon Van Grack should be in trouble.

How Van Grack's misrepresentations about the Flynn investigation…
RT @JohnWHuber: Also Comey didn’t seem to care about the 30 year career of Flynn when he personally sent two agents to ambush interview him…
RT @JohnWHuber: The “ties” that the Crossfire team cared about were ties to Donald Trump. Caputo had less than Flynn by July 31
RT @LeeSmithDC: From lead on ⁦@DevinNunes⁩ investigation of FBI anti-Trump operation to acting DNI ⁦@RichardGrenell⁩ deputy, Kash Patel is…
RT @JohnWHuber: Robert Mueller knew the Trump Tower Collusion theory was a joke in July 2017, 4 days after it hit the press. Schiff knew it…
RT @JohnWHuber: Adam Schiff, 16 months after that interview with Congress: Trump Tower meeting is “direct evidence” of “Collusion” 
RT @JohnWHuber: Not only is the statement “Flynn had told Russia to ignore US sanctions” 100% false, it doesn’t even make sense if it were…
RT @JonathanTurley: President Obama is being quoted on Flynn, saying "There is no precedent that anybody can find for someone who has been…
RT @MZHemingway: If you are wondering why Obama leaked audio of himself regarding Flynn, my latest on him being implicated in the operation…
RT @JohnWHuber: Were any Republicans at this "sit down" with Priestap on Oct 31, 2017? Is there a transcript? Did Priestap really misrepres…
RT @JohnWHuber: So which is it Mr. Priestap? Was "the bulk" of the FISA based on Steele (like you confirmed to Nunes' team), or *less than…
RT @JohnWHuber: Time to start asking exactly what Priestap was telling Congress and Adam Schiff in 2017.
RT @JohnWHuber: UPDATE: Oh Jim Clapper, you've got a MAJOR problem. You denied under oath ever briefing Obama on the Flynn/Kislyak calls.…
RT @JohnWHuber: These guys can’t even agree on who told Clapper about the Flynn call. Was it Bob Litt, his General Counsel, or Comey? 
RT @JohnWHuber: Was the former Acting Director of the FBI Andrew McCabe lying in his book when he said DNI James Clapper personally briefed…
RT @JohnWHuber: Info comes from Comey's March 2017 private Congressional testimony, attached as exhibit to the DOJ's motion to dismiss the…
RT @JohnWHuber: Amazing how you guys notice a comma missing when you need to, but are totally incurious about the missing original 302 and…
RT @JohnWHuber: Worth a read just for the part where Lawfare misrepresent a Mueller filing while attacking Bill Barr for misrepresenting th…
RT @paulsperry_: DEVELOPING: Investigators are looking into suspicions by Flynn's legal team that President Obama directed FBI Director Jam…
RT @paulsperry_: Sally Yates was the real blackmailer

RT @JohnWHuber: UPDATE: Comey failed to include in his memos about Trump's "let him go" comment that he *personally approved* closing the C…
...And we caught them and their illegal activities! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is working to make sure Native American communities have the support they need during this crisi…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump met with Secretary @EsperDoD, @SecPompeo, senior military leadership, and national security team…
Governor @GavinNewsom of California won’t let restaurants, beaches and stores open, but he installs a voting booth system in a highly Democrat area (supposed to be mail in ballots only) because our great candidate, @MikeGarcia2020, is winning by a lot. CA25  Rigged Election!
Starting early next week, at my order, the USA will be purchasing, from our Farmers, Ranchers & Specialty Crop Growers, 3 Billion Dollars worth of Dairy, Meat & Produce for Food Lines & Kitchens. “FARMERS TO FAMILY FOOD BOX”  Great news for all!  @SecretarySonny @ZippyDuvall
Why is it that all of the political pundits & consultants that I beat so easily & badly, people that charged their clients far more than their services were worth, have become so totally “unhinged” when it come to your favorite President, me. These people are stone cold crazy!
RT @madisongesiotto: Gallup: Trump surges to approval high, best ever OK from independents 👍🏽🇺🇸
RT @kimguilfoyle: Shifty Schiff is quickly turning into Anxious Adam cause he knows he has been caught peddling the biggest sham in America…
...And many more! 
RT @PitchingNinja: I still have no idea how Tony Gwynn hits this Big Unit 1-2 slider for a double. 
RT @FieldYates: Tony Gwynn played for 20 years and struck out three times in a game... once. Incredible.
RT @MLBONFOX: Tony Gwynn would have turned 60 years old today. Mr. Padre had a legendary career:

🔹First Ballot Hall of Fame Inductee
🔹8× N…
RT @BaseballQuotes1: Ted Williams and Tony Gwynn talk about reading pitchers, and getting a good pitch to hit

 
Governor @GavinNewsom of California won’t let restaurants, beaches and stores open, but he installs a voting both system in a highly Democrat area (supposed to be mail in ballots only) because our great candidate, @MikeGarcia2020, is winning by a lot. CA25  Rigged Election!
CA25 is a Rigged Election. Trying to steal it from @MikeGarcia2020.  @GavinNewsom must act now!
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
RT @MikeGarcia2020: 1/@ChristyforCA25 and her liberal Dem allies didn’t say anything for weeks even though the polling places were in full…
RT @MikeGarcia2020: 2/The right to vote is sacred and something I fought to protect for nearly two decades. But our citizens should also ex…
Mike has my complete & total endorsement. We need him badly in Washington. A great fighter pilot & hero, & a brilliant Annapolis grad, Mike will never let you down. Mail in ballots, & check that they are counted! 
So in California, the Democrats, who fought like crazy to get all mail in only ballots, and succeeded, have just opened a voting booth in the most Democrat area in the State. They are trying to steal another election. It’s all rigged out there. These votes must not count. SCAM!
RT @BillyGraham: "Life is hard—but God is good, and Heaven is real.” #BillyGraham
RT @GenFlynn: My grandson Travis...“and JUSTICE for ALL” ⚖️❤️🙏🇺🇸 
RT @FLOTUS: In honor of #VEDay75, @POTUS and I joined some of our nations heros at the World War II Memorial to lay a wreath in commemorati…
Vote @MikeGarcia2020 by May 12th! His opponent @ChristyforCA25 voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now she’s mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in #CA25! 
Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany!

....must read for anybody looking for U.S. Security and Protection. Go get it now and make Tom a Top Best Seller — he deserves it!
Retired Ice Director Tom Homan knows more about the Border and Border Security than anyone. He’s a tough guy, but a good guy - and as smart as they come. His new book, “Defend The Border and Save Lives: Solving Our Most Important Humanitarian and Security Crisis” is a....
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Yesterday was a BIG day for Justice in the USA. Congratulations to General Flynn, and many others. I do believe there is MUCH more to come! Dirty Cops and Crooked Politicians do not go well together!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: In every battle, we have placed our loyalty in each other & God - we have prevailed, and we will…
RT @GregAbbott_TX: “Texas has been phenomenal,” Trump said.

We appreciate the President and his team being available 24/7 to help Texas fi…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS delivers remarks on National Day of Prayer 
RT @FLOTUS: On this second anniversary of my #BeBest initiative I am reminded that now, more than ever, we must continue to work together &…
Today, @FLOTUS celebrates the two year anniversary of #BeBest, her initiative dedicated to bringing awareness to issues that impact the lives of children. Congratulations, and thank you! 
Congratulations to former Governor of New Jersey, Chris Christie, and all others involved, on a complete and total exoneration (with a 9-0 vote by the U.S. Supreme Court) on the Obama DOJ Scam referred to as “Bridgegate.” The Democrats....
....are getting caught doing very evil things, and Republicans should take note. This was grave misconduct by the Obama Justice Department! @GovChristie
As you know, I designated this day to be a National Day of Prayer. As our Nation heals, our Spirit has never been Stronger! 
RT @WhiteHouse: "The partnership and collaboration as we went through this pandemic has been incredible," @IAGovernor said. 
RT @WhiteHouse: Just now, President @realDonaldTrump welcomed incredible healthcare warriors to the Oval Office in honor of National Nurses…
The Fake News has reached an all time high!
RT @Jim_Jordan: The Senate is back in session. But the House is missing in action. 

Our latest op-ed. 

....to it, as appropriate. The Task Force will also be very focused on Vaccines & Therapeutics. Thank you!
....gloves, gowns etc. are now plentiful. The last four Governors teleconference calls have been conclusively strong. Because of this success, the Task Force will continue on indefinitely with its focus on SAFETY & OPENING UP OUR COUNTRY AGAIN. We may add or subtract people ....
....produced in the thousands, and we have many to spare. We are helping other countries which are desperate for them. Likewise, after having been left little, we are now doing more testing than all other countries combined, and with superior tests. Face masks & shields,....
The White House CoronaVirus Task Force, headed by Vice President Mike Pence, has done a fantastic job of bringing together vast highly complex resources that have set a high standard for others to follow in the future. Ventilators, which were few & in bad shape, are now being....
Thank you @Honeywell! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: For the constant criticism from the Do Nothing Democrats and their Fake News partners, here is the newest chart on our…
RT @NNVPLizer2019: “The Navajo Nation is a Nation within a Nation. We appreciate President Trump for supplying our Tribal Reservation with…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Will be doing a major interview tonight at 6:30 P.M. Eastern with @DavidMuir on @ABCWorldNews Tonight.
RT @TeamTrump: Owners of Sammy’s Mexican Restaurant to President @realDonaldTrump: Latinos are going to vote for you because you’re doing a…
I was thrilled to be back in the Great State of Arizona with the incredible, patriotic, and hardworking men and women of @Honeywell! 
Will be doing a major interview tonight at 6:30 P.M. Eastern with @DavidMuir on @ABCWorldNews Tonight.
On #NationalTeacherDay, we recognize the countless men and women who dedicate their lives to instilling character, integrity, and knowledge in the hearts and minds of our Nation’s students, thank you! 
Getting ready to land in the Great State of Arizona!
Wow! Congratulations to Greg Gutfeld, a one time Trump Hater who has come all the way home. His Ratings easily beat no talent Stephen Colbert, nice guy Jimmy Fallon, and wacko “last placer” Jimmy Kimmel. Greg built his show from scratch, and did a great job in doing so. @FoxNews
Well run States should not be bailing out poorly run States, using CoronaVirus as the excuse! The elimination of Sanctuary Cities, Payroll Taxes, and perhaps Capital Gains Taxes, must be put on the table. Also lawsuit indemnification & business deductions for restaurants & ent.
Most of the money raised by the RINO losers of the so-called “Lincoln Project”, goes into their own pockets. With what I’ve done on Judges, Taxes, Regulations, Healthcare, the Military, Vets (Choice!) & protecting our great 2A, they should love Trump. Problem is, I BEAT THEM ALL!
RT @RepMarkWalker: .@RepRatcliffe is the right choice for Director of National Intelligence – and for America.


Remember this? Happy #CincoDeMayo! 
The Do Nothing Democrats and their leader, the Fake News Lamestream Media, are doing everything possible to hurt and disparage our Country. No matter what we do or say, no matter how big a win, they report that it was a loss, or not good enough. The Enemy of the People!
For the constant criticism from the Do Nothing Democrats and their Fake News partners, here is the newest chart on our great testing “miracle" compared to other countries. Dems and LameStream Media should be proud of the USA, instead of always ripping us down! 
RT @RepGosar: Honored to join President @realDonaldTrump on board Air Force One today! 🇺🇸
RT @RepDLesko: Excited to join @realDonaldTrump today on Air Force One for his visit to a @honeywell facility in Arizona! 
RT @dougducey: Arizona is proud to welcome @realDonaldTrump to our state today! We are very thankful for his leadership in addressing #COVI…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: We are going to build the greatest economy in the world AGAIN! 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: The Democrats want us to fail so they can win an election which they’re not going to win 
Governors should let roads and highway construction begin before heavy traffic starts, which will be soon. Some Governors never stopped, which proved to be very smart. They built and fixed roads during long no traffic periods. Also, saved big dollars!
Heading to Arizona!
Oil prices moving up nicely as demand begins again!
Exciting to see our Country starting to open up again! 
RT @GOPChairwoman: “The mobilization of the private sector has been extraordinary. For instance, N95 masks alone, @realDonaldTrump has depl…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Across the country, the #PaycheckProtectionProgram that @realDonaldTrump signed is helping Americans.
 
And in Wisconsin…
RT @WhiteHouse: "China’s economy has thrived through the manufacture of American products," Andy Puzder and Bill Hagerty write.

It's time…
RT @JesseBWatters: What would the media say if Barack Obama were president during the Coronavirus Pandemic and handled it the same way as @…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Amazing. @realDonaldTrump truly has the best volunteers, and it’s going to pay off big time come Election Day! #LeadRigh…
RT @PressSec: Governor Phil Murphy: President @realDonaldTrump "knows New Jersey. He and his team have been extremely responsive in our hou…
....because they don’t know how to win, and their so-called Lincoln Project is a disgrace to Honest Abe. I don’t know what Kellyanne did to her deranged loser of a husband, Moonface, but it must have been really bad. John Weaver lost big for Kasich (to me). Crazed Rick Wilson....
....lost for Evan “McMuffin” McMullin (to me). Steve Schmidt & Reed Galvin lost for John McCain, Romney’s campaign manager (?) lost big to “O”, & Jennifer Horn got thrown out of the New Hampshire Republican Party. They’re all LOSERS, but Abe Lincoln, Republican, is all smiles!
....get even for all of their many failures. You see, these loser types don’t care about 252 new Federal Judges, 2 great Supreme Court Justices, a rebuilt military, a protected 2nd Amendment, biggest EVER Tax & Regulation cuts, and much more. I didn’t use any of them....
A group of RINO Republicans who failed badly 12 years ago, then again 8 years ago, and then got BADLY beaten by me, a political first timer, 4 years ago, have copied (no imagination) the concept of an ad from Ronald Reagan, “Morning in America”, doing everything possible to....
THANK YOU #USNSComfort! 
MSDNC and FAKE NEWS CNN are going wild trying to protect China!
A great new book, “Fortitude: American Resilience in the Era of Outrage” by former Navy Seal, and current Texas Congressman @DanCrenshawTX, is now available. A fantastic guy — get your copy today! 
RT @GOPLeader: Despite my call to Speaker Pelosi to establish a clear, safe, and effective plan for reopening the House of Representatives,…
Interesting? By Congress not wanting the special 5 minute testing apparatus, they are saying that they are not “essential”.  In any event, we have great testing capacity, and have performed 6.5 million tests, which is more than every country in the world, combined!
Mexico is sadly experiencing very big CoronaVirus problems, and now California, get this, doesn’t want people coming over the Southern Border. A Classic! They are sooo lucky that I am their President. Border is very tight and the Wall is rapidly being built!
Republicans love the biggest Tax Cuts, Rebuilt Military, Choice for Vets, saving 2nd Amendment and many other things my Administration has done, but what they love beyond all else is 252 (so far!) Federal Judges, not including two great Supreme Court Justices. A Big Record!
And I’m Endorsing you also Lacy, you truly deserve it. You are doing a great job, and Omar is a disaster who wants much higher taxes, hates our Military & our Vets, demands Open Borders, and is fighting to take away our great 2nd Amendment. Good luck Lacy! 
Getting great reviews, finally, for how well we are handling the pandemic, especially our strong production of desperately needed ventilators, the building of field hospitals & beds, and soon, the great things we are doing on testing. People are really working well together!
“Concast” should open up a long overdue Florida Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough. I know him and Crazy Mika well, used them beautifully in the last Election, dumped them nicely, and will state on the record that he is “nuts”. Besides, bad ratings! #OPENJOECOLDCASE
I’m with the TRUCKERS all the way. Thanks for the meeting at the White House with my representatives from the Administration. It is all going to work out well!
Thank you Ryan. Working hard! 
RT @DavidJHarrisJr: States will have to give up sanctuary policies to receive a bailout, says Trump.

RT @DavidJHarrisJr: A storm is coming...

RT @DavidJHarrisJr: Adam Schiff hides important transcripts from the American people.

RT @DavidJHarrisJr: Evidence has surfaced that indicates Barack Obama was the one running the Russian hoax. 

RT @Reuters: Roche gets FDA emergency use approval for COVID-19 antibody test 
Intelligence has just reported to me that I was correct, and that they did NOT bring up the CoronaVirus subject matter until late into January, just prior to my banning China from the U.S. Also, they only spoke of the Virus in a very non-threatening, or matter of fact, manner...
....Fake News got it wrong again, as always, and tens of thousands of lives were saved by my EARLY BAN of China into our Country. The people that we’re allowed were heavily scrutinized and tested U.S. citizens, and as such, I welcome them with open arms!
Thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters.” I will never let you down! 
....And then came a Plague, a great and powerful Plague, and the World was never to be the same again! But America rose from this death and destruction, always remembering its many lost souls, and the lost souls all over the World, and became greater than ever before!
So nice to see this great honor. Thank you (but haven’t played golf in a long time)! 
Going well despite the Fake News! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Concast (@NBCNews) and Fake News @CNN are going out of their way to say GREAT things about China. They are Chinese pup…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Don’t allow RIGGED ELECTIONS!
RT @realDonaldTrump: 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, just out, highest ever Approval Rating overall in the ne…
Some things never get old! 
Progress being made! 
Thank you! 
Keep punching Mike! 
Thank you! 
Wow! 
Hopefully our Country will soon mend. We are all missing our wonderful rallies, and many other things! 
Many complaints coming in about Maine. I love that State, won Maine 2 - Don’t make the cure worse than the problem itself. That can happen, you know! 
RT @DeAnna4Congress: For the #TrumpIsNotADoctor crowd...

Bill Nye is not a scientist.

Greta Thunberg is not a climate expert.

Hillary Cl…
The Fake News doesn’t show real polls. Lamestream Media is totally CORRUPT, the Enemy of the People! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Border Wall is going up FAST. Over 172 miles already built. 450 miles by early next year, or sooner! Dems want OPEN BO…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Very cool. Please thank him!
.@PeteHegseth  “Oh bye the way, I appreciate the message from former President Bush, but where was he during Impeachment calling for putting partisanship aside.” @foxandfriends  He was nowhere to be found in speaking up against the greatest Hoax in American history!
Beautiful, thank you to our GREAT @BlueAngels and @AFThunderbirds! 
No reason to turn it down, except politics. We have plenty of testing. Maybe you need a new Doctor over there. Crazy Nancy will use it as an excuse not to show up to work! 
The Democrats are just, as always, looking for trouble. They do nothing constructive, even in times of crisis. They don’t want to blame their cash cow, China, for the plague. China is blaming Europe. Dr. Fauci will be testifying before the Senate very soon! #DONOTHINGDEMOCRATS 
Not much time to sleep. Thank you! 
So true, although Honest Abe wasn’t bad. Thank you! 
She was thrown off The View like a dog, Zero T.V. Personas. Now Wallace is a 3rd rate lapdog for Fake News MSDNC (Concast). Doesn’t have what it takes! 
RT @TomFitton: Mueller did it.
RT @NextRevFNC: SUNDAY! @RepMattGaetz, @LisaMarieBoothe, and @SaraCarterDC return to #NextRevFNC! Tune in at 9pm ET on @FoxNews! 
RT @NextRevFNC: TOMORROW! @LisaMarieBoothe returns to #NextRevFNC! Tune in at 9pm ET on @FoxNews! 
Very cool. Please thank him! 
RT @Arightside: Tomorrow I’ll be joined by @SebGorka, @STEPHMHAMILL and other distinguished guests to discuss the 2020 Presidential Electio…
RT @STEPHMHAMILL: They didn’t ... 🧐🧐🧐🧐
RT @charliekirk11: What changed, @SpeakerPelosi?

🤔 
RT @ChanelRion: Should we "get him to lie" or "get him fired?"

Latest FBI memo on @GenFlynn exposes a portrait of NeverTrump actors wieldi…
RT @Alyssafarah: The Trump Admin is making sure senior citizens are safe & have access to the resources they need during coronavirus. In ad…
I, for one, am glad to see he is back, and well! 
Border Wall is going up FAST. Over 172 miles already built. 450 miles by early next year, or sooner! Dems want OPEN BORDERS. I want STRONG BORDERS! 
RT @OANN: In this edition of One America News Investigates, Neil W. McCabe presents an in-depth report on corruption by former Vice Preside…
The Impeachment Hoax will be exposed. Crazy Nancy gets Nothing Done, that’s why she got thrown out as Speaker the first time. Also, she should come back to Washington now! 
I hate to be promoting AT&T, but @OANN is Great News, not Fake News. Everybody should be carrying them! 
That’s right Jack. Keep up the good work! 
RT @JackPosobiec: BLUE ANGELS DC 
RT @Scavino45: 
Thank you Michael. You also! 
RT @TrumpWarRoom: The FBI found "no derogatory information" about @GenFlynn. But they decided to crush him anyway.

"There is nothing worse…
The Russia Hoax is the biggest political scandal in American history. Treason!!! Lets see how it ends???? 
RT @ScottAdamsSays: Join me for a quick laugh about the funniest Trump kill shot on Biden. Ever.🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
RT @ScottAdamsSays: This kill shot is so perfectly executed it is painful to watch . . . and still funny. 🤣🤣🤣
RT @ScottAdamsSays: Poll for Democrats only. Are you aware that most of the political news you consume is either misleading and out of cont…
RT @ScottAdamsSays: Greg Gutfeld on Biden response to Tara Reade claims: He 'was doing great in that interview until he confessed' 
RT @ndrewkellyborel: @JackPosobiec It's an absolute disgrace what they've done to @GenFlynn and his family.

This is one of the most highly…
RT @LJ4_All: @thejtlewis @realDonaldTrump Why does MSM ignore this???

Why do people ignore that he doesn't care about the #American worker…
RT @thejtlewis: @realDonaldTrump Sleepy Joe fell asleep during his last town hall! 
Thank you! 
RT @DeAnna4Congress: @realDonaldTrump At this rate, if you don't support Trump and you're a Republican you've gone entirely mad.
RT @SexCounseling: @realDonaldTrump All of the Democrats stick together, that's a lesson that the Republican party needs to learn, support…
RT @SexCounseling: @realDonaldTrump As far as I am concerned, it should be a 100% approval from all of the Republican party, whats wrong wi…
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, just out, highest ever Approval Rating overall in the new Gallup Poll, and shows “Trump beating Sleepy Joe Biden.”
There is tremendous CoronaVirus testing capacity in Washington for the Senators returning to Capital Hill on Monday. Likewise the House, which should return but isn’t because of Crazy Nancy P. The 5 minute Abbott Test will be used. Please inform Dr. Brian P. Monahan. @MarkMeadows
RT @LouDobbs: Stunning Silence: @KimStrassel says when it comes to sexual assault allegations against Joe Biden, it’s as if the “Me Too” mo…
RT @KimStrassel: The FBI knew Michael Flynn wasn’t colluding with Russia, so it plotted to ‘get him to lie.’ New documents reveal that, by…
Don’t allow RIGGED ELECTIONS! 
RT @GovRonDeSantis: Thank you Dr. Lockwood and medical staff at @TGHCares for your contributions and perspective on Florida‘s fight against…
RT @ScottGottliebMD: Positivity rates for covid19 testing nationally are starting to decline as testing expands sharply and we move more te…
RT @CDCgov: If you must travel, take these steps to protect yourself & others from #COVID19 during your trip. 
RT @ScottGottliebMD: A big win for patients and the first building block in what will be an improving toolbox for reducing death and diseas…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump honored several individuals today who have responded to this invisible enemy with courage, deter…
RT @FDNY: FDNY members show their appreciation for 100 @FEMA National Ambulance Contract units as they deploy back home after 30 days spent…
RT @AFThunderbirds: Tomorrow's #AmericaStrong flyover serves as a salute to frontline #COVID responders.

#InThisTogether 🇺🇸 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump at Presidential Recognition Ceremony 
Senator Shelley Moore Capito (@CapitoforWV) is doing a tremendous job for the great people of West Virginia! She strongly defends our Second Amendment, Supports our Veterans and is Strong on Life and the Border....
....Together we will Fight for Small Businesses and Protect American Energy workers! Shelley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Concast (@NBCNews) and Fake News @CNN are going out of their way to say GREAT things about China. They are Chinese puppets who want to do business there. They use USA airwaves to help China. The Enemy of the People!
RT @StevenTDennis: Trump gets bump in latest Gallup Poll:
49% approval (+6, tied for his best)
47% disapproval (-7)
The Governor of Michigan should give a little, and put out the fire. These are very good people, but they are angry. They want their lives back again, safely! See them, talk to them, make a deal.
Cryin Chuck Schumer, compared to what other Senators have brought home to their states, has brought very little back to N.Y. A totally overrated loser, the one thing he has given them is SALT. He never even called me to stop it. No wonder Cuomo & most others can’t stand him. AOC!
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer was on a late night show using a false talking point over & over again. “We don’t have enough testing ,” he would repeat, when he knows we have done a great job on Testing, just like we have on Ventilators and everything else. He lied, gave NY SALT. Run AOC!
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: “We’ve spent 8 trillion dollars in the Middle East and we’re not fixing our roads.” 
RT @Mike_Pence: Under President @realDonaldTrump’s leadership, we gave @GM and @MyVOCSN the authority under the Defense Production Act to i…
Dirty Cop! 
RT @Mike_Pence: Since the first days of this pandemic, President @realDonaldTrump has brought a whole of America response & we’re making gr…
I have done more for farmers and ranchers than any President in history, and it has been my honor in doing so! 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is using the Defense Production Act to ensure that Americans have a reliable supply of beef, por…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Our supporters are working hard every day and getting the message out about @realDonaldTrump’s leadership. We’re going t…
RT @hughhewitt: The always careful ⁦@EliLake⁩ is even more cautious here, but he and ⁦@AndrewCMcCarthy⁩ are pointing in the same direction…
RT @SenTomCotton: The CCP’s Military-Civil Fusion strategy blurs the distinction between Chinese military & civilian end-users. I commend t…
RT @RichLowry: Tremendous work by @FreeBeacon 

While the rest of the media was credulous and lazy about this case, it dug in with real rep…
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Something seems rotten in Flynn's case — my column@thehill @TheHillOpinion ... 
RT @BuckSexton: .@BarackObama is Ultimately Responsible for @FBI’s Dirty Investigation into @GenFlynn


“The only thing we got wrong is that it was even worse (the corruption) than we thought.” @Jim_Jordan  DIRTY COPS!
RT @ChuckGrassley: New DOJ/Flynn docs are stamped w SCO as in Special Counsels Office
 
Did Mueller have these docs? Why did his team sit o…
Vote @MikeGarcia2020 by May 12th! His opponent @ChristyforCA25 voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now she’s mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in #CA25! 
Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS Delivers Remarks on Protecting America's Seniors 
RT @StevenTDennis: Trump gets bump in latest Gallup Poll:
49% approval (+6, tied for his best)
47% disapproval (-7)
Over 120 MILLION Economic Impact Payments have already gone out to hardworking Americans! If you haven’t yet received your payment, go to 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump just met with @GovMurphy on Coronavirus testing, financial assistance, and planning a great come…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump: "We're working very hard with New Jersey." 
RT @JudiciaryGOP: We already knew that James Comey's FBI was out to get General Flynn and President Trump. 

But it was worse than we thoug…
We can’t let the Fake News, and their partner, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, get away with stealing the Election. They tried that in 2016. How did that work out?
RT @RepStefanik: Just announced: over $33 million in funding from the HHS has been released to #NY21 hospitals. I will continue to work to…
RT @RepLizCheney: Speaker Pelosi still refuses to consider any plan to allow the House to operate or function remotely. Sidelining and para…
RT @RepLizCheney: Safeguarding our nation’s food supply is a critical component necessary to defeat the spread of coronavirus. I support th…
RT @JonathanTurley: The Flynn documents are out. One line is as significant as it is shocking. Indeed, for those who have long seen a conce…
RT @KatiePavlich: What did FBI Director Christopher Wray know and when? And why has he been covering for these scum bags? 
RT @CBS_Herridge: #FLYNN docs just unsealed, including handwritten notes 1/24/2017 day of Flynn FBI interview.  Transcript: “What is our go…
RT @DarrellIssa: .@GavinNewsom and I disagree on quite a bit and there are parts of his management of which I’ve been critical but I’m glad…
RT @EliseStefanik: Devastating flashback clip of Comey just aired on @marthamaccallum show.

When asked who went around the protocol of goi…
RT @RepChrisStewart: If you care about liberty, freedom, or corruption at the highest levels of the government, you have to care about Gen.…
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: ACQUITTED FOR LIFE. 
RT @ChuckGrassley: Proud 2hear abt collaborative efforts in every sector of Iowa's economy Helping each other is the Iowa way Recent exampl…
RT @ChuckGrassley: Pres @realDonaldTrump is right 2use authority 2 keep open meat processing plants Its critical infrastructure 4 country's…
RT @ChuckGrassley: I want to compliment all Iowans for coming together to beat this virus #IowaStrong 
The Do Nothing Democrats! 
RT @EytanWallace: .@GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy (R-Bakersfield) announced InyoKern Airport will receive an $11 million Airport Improvement Pro…
RT @BP_America: We’re partnering with @FedEx & @AlaskaAir to help get PPE and essential goods to communities in need as efficiently as poss…
RT @DanCrenshawTX: Hey Joe, last year US emissions dropped by 2.1% largely because of Republican-led efforts to deregulate natural gas, a c…
RT @DanCrenshawTX: Wow. Thousands of job openings. 

Looking for work? Check out this link 
RT @BuckSexton: General Flynn, Kavanaugh, Nicholas Sandmann- liberal journos are willing to set these people up with lies and then pounce o…
RT @SexCounseling: @realDonaldTrump @CNN CNN is a part of the problem and they should be sued for spreading lies and propaganda!
RT @realDonaldTrump: What happened to General Michael Flynn, a war hero, should never be allowed to happen to a citizen of the United State…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Despite reports to the contrary, Sweden is paying heavily for its decision not to lockdown. As of today, 2462 people h…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Lyin’ Brian Williams of MSDNC! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: I must admit that Lyin’ Brian Williams is, while dumber than hell, quite a bit smarter than Fake News @CNN “anchorman”…
FAKE NEWS! 
Great! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@CNN doesn’t want to speak about their persecution of General Michael Flynn & why they got the story so wrong. They,…
DIRTY COP JAMES COMEY GOT CAUGHT!
RT @mitchellvii: DEMOCRATS DIDN'T EXPECT THIS - Washington Post Poll: Hispanics Are the Strongest Opponents of Immigration 
RT @mitchellvii: The economy is going to do so well this Summer and make Trump look so good that Democrats will accuse HIM of hyping COVID-…
RT @mitchellvii: Ryan Helfenbein: Reopening the Economy Is Not Partisan, It’s Necessary 
RT @mitchellvii: Hey Democrats,

Aren't you concerned Bernie voters didn't show up in the primaries?
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Imagine having your life and reputation ruined by rogue US govt. officials. Then years later when the plot finally come…
RT @dbongino: The only person on the planet who thinks Comey is a decent human being is Comey. We now know what a corrupt piece of garbage…
RT @mitchellvii: #SlowWalker - BREAKING: Former FBI General Counsel James Baker Has Flipped! Durham is Building Conspiracy Case on All of T…
RT @mitchellvii: Flynn Attorney Sidney Powell: The Documents That Are Yet to Be Released "Are Even More Stunning" (VIDEO) 
RT @mitchellvii: General Flynn Posts Triumphant Tweet Following Release of Handwritten FBI Notes Revealing He Was Framed 
RT @mitchellvii: I have yet to read a single Democrat leader OUTRAGED by the explosive new Flynn revelations.

Shouldn't they be?

Shouldn'…
RT @SteveScalise: Turns out the only ones who colluded with Russians were Hillary Clinton’s campaign & the DNC.

Time for Comey’s crooked c…
Plus many! 
RT @dbongino: THANK YOU to all of the conservative media figures who doggedly reported on the grotesque attack on General Flynn for years.…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Not only should general Flynn’s charges be dropped immediately but the treasonous actors who set him up should be in ja…
Really? Have you looked at the numbers lately! 
FAKE POLLING, just like 2016 (but worse)!
What happened to General Michael Flynn, a war hero, should never be allowed to happen to a citizen of the United States again!
Does anybody really believe that Roger Stone, a man whose house was raided early in the morning by 29 gun toting FBI Agents (with Fake News @CNN closely in toe), was treated fairly. How about the jury forewoman with her unannounced hatred & bias. Same scammers as General Flynn!
Despite reports to the contrary, Sweden is paying heavily for its decision not to lockdown. As of today, 2462 people have died there, a much higher number than the neighboring countries of Norway (207), Finland (206) or Denmark (443). The United States made the correct decision!
Lyin’ Brian Williams of MSDNC! 
I must admit that Lyin’ Brian Williams is, while dumber than hell, quite a bit smarter than Fake News @CNN “anchorman” Don Lemon, the “dumbest man on television”. Then you have Psycho Joe “What Ever Happened To Your Girlfriend?” Scarborough, another of the low I.Q. individuals!
Lyin’ Brian Williams of MSDNC, a Concast Scam Company, wouldn’t know the truth if it was nailed to his wooden forehead. Remember when he lied about his bravery in a helicopter? Totally made up story. He’s a true dummy who was thrown off Network News like a dog. Stay tuned!
Just told that Fake News @CNN is falsely reporting that I was recently shouting at my campaign manager over made up nonsense. Actually, he is doing a great job, I never shouted at him (been with me for years, including the 2016 win), & have no intention to do so. Just FAKE NEWS!
.@CNN doesn’t want to speak about their persecution of General Michael Flynn & why they got the story so wrong. They, along with others, should pay a big price for what they have purposely done to this man & his family. They won’t even cover the big breaking news about this scam!
RT @GenFlynn: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
Happy Birthday to three time Olympian and five term Congressman, @JimRyun!
RT @GenFlynn: 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS holds a roundtable with industry executives 
RT @WhiteHouse: Our nation has ample supply of food—and President @realDonaldTrump is clearing the bottleneck and ensuring that our farmers…
RT @LouisianaGov: Brighter days are ahead for Louisiana and by working together with our federal officials, I know we will get through this…
RT @LouisianaGov: I again want to thank @realDonaldTrump and @VP for supporting the people of Louisiana during this difficult time. We had…
RT @MeatInstitute: "We are grateful to @realDonaldTrump for protecting our nation’s food supply," said @MeatInstitute Pres. & CEO Julie Ann…
No, I think Amash would make a wonderful candidate, especially since he is way behind in his district and has no chance of maintaining his Congressional seat. He almost always votes for the Do Nothing Dems anyway. I like him even more than Jill Stein! 
THANK YOU @MarkLevinShow! 

RT @TrumpWarRoom: Yahoo reporter apologizes to President Trump after making false coronavirus test claim in Oval Office meeting 

At least they admit it. The Failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost never correct their Fake Reporting! 
RT @ErinMPerrine: 🚨🚨 TUNE IN NOW 🚨🚨

Tonight’s @TeamTrump Online! has two of the best —&gt; @LaraLeaTrump & @kevinomccarthy talking about Slee…
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: Team Trump Online with @LaraLeaTrump and House GOP Leader @KevinMcCarthy! #TeamTrump

Text TRUMP to 88022 
RT @TeamTrump: Tisa Clark, CEO Of J.D. Clark Professional Services, credits the #PaycheckProtectionProgram for allowing her to keep her wor…
RT @EquipoTrump: As Trump campaign senior advisor @mercedesschlapp said today, Joe Biden's plan to ease sanctions on the Cuban and Venezuel…
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Joe Biden rambles and struggles for words during interview on coronavirus response 
RT @DailyCaller: Joe Biden’s town hall with Hillary Clinton got off to a fantastic start
 
RT @TrumpWarRoom: A reporter angrily insisted he was right about coronavirus testing data. In fact, he was wrong, and President Trump was r…
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Joe Biden forgot he's supposed to be lying about President Trump's coronavirus response – and he actually told the truth!…
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Joe Biden spent 44 years in Washington standing up FOR China.

You can't teach an old dog new tricks. 
The only reason the U.S. has reported one million cases of CoronaVirus is that our Testing is sooo much better than any other country in the World. Other countries are way behind us in Testing, and therefore show far fewer cases!
THANK YOU MICHAEL! @bittyandbeaus 
RT @WhiteHouse: We built the greatest economy in the world—and together, we will build it again! 
RT @GLFOP: Thank you, President @realDonaldTrump, for your steadfast, unapologetic support of law enforcement during #COVID19. From DAY ONE…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS delivers remarks on supporting small businesses 
Thank you @BlueAngels and @AFThunderbirds! #AmericaStrong 
RT @TomFitton: BREAKING: Emails show Obama FBI was out to get @GenFlynn and also knew McCain leaked anti-@realDonaldTrump dossier; @Judicia…
RT @nedryun: A fifth to half of all coronavirus deaths have been in nursing homes: 
RT @GreggJarrett: Newly Declassified Documents Show John Kerry’s State Department Spread Russia Collusion Narrative 
RT @GreggJarrett: Newly Revealed Docs Support Flynn’s Innocence: Case Against Him Should Be Tossed 
But I love Diamond & Silk, and so do millions of people! 
RT @WhiteHouse: 45 days ago, business leaders joined President @realDonaldTrump in the Rose Garden to help launch a new, critical partnersh…
Texas to open businesses in phases beginning Friday. Great job being done by @GregAbbott_TX
Many States moving to SAFELY & QUICKLY reopen!
We are doing far more, and better, Testing than any other country in the world, and yet the media does nothing but complain. No matter how good a job is done, the same as with the Ventilators, they will never say we are doing a great job, they will only viciously gripe!
RT @TheCounter: First, there is no shortage of meat destined for the grocery store shelf. 

It might take stores longer than usual to resto…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @Jim_Jordan: Attorney General Barr’s Memo to U.S. Attorneys: 

“The Constitution is not suspended in times of crisis.” 

The Attorney Ge…
Because Shifty is a crooked politician! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: FAKE NEWS, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
RT @realDonaldTrump: There has never been, in the history of our Country, a more vicious or hostile Lamestream Media than there is right no…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Blame the Democrats for any “lateness” in your Enhanced Unemployment Insurance. I wanted the money to be paid directly…
RT @realDonaldTrump: So true!
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump's plan for Opening Up America Again outlined a three-phased approach based on the advice of publ…
RT @WhiteHouse: "We're doing everything in our power to heal the sick and to gradually reopen our Nation." 
RT @WhiteHouse: As one American family, we grieve with those who have suffered the loss of loved ones. 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference 
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
Why should the people and taxpayers of America be bailing out poorly run states (like Illinois, as example) and cities, in all cases Democrat run and managed, when most of the other states are not looking for bailout help? I am open to discussing anything, but just asking?
FAKE NEWS, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
There has never been, in the history of our Country, a more vicious or hostile Lamestream Media than there is right now, even in the midst of a National Emergency, the Invisible Enemy!
Blame the Democrats for any “lateness” in your Enhanced Unemployment Insurance. I wanted the money to be paid directly, they insisted it be paid by states for distribution. I told them this would happen, especially with many states which have old computers.
So true! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: I never said the pandemic was a Hoax! Who would say such a thing? I said that the Do Nothing Democrats, together with…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The people that know me and know the history of our Country say that I am  the hardest working President in history. I…
RT @SilERabbit: Sloppy Joe is trending. I wonder if it's because of this. You can tell it's a deep fake because Jill Biden isn't covering f…
RT @EricTrump: Article should have read: Trump as businessman had a passive, non-controlling/managing interest in an office building which…
RT @BarbaraRedgate: Devin Nunes-“Why is General Flynn Important? Because He Was Framed By His Own Government!!” #HumanScum @DevinNunes @Gen…
RT @JessieJaneDuff: Despite Democrats resistance to help small businesses, President @realDonaldTrump will get the economy going and Americ…
RT @JessieJaneDuff: Lefty holier than thou Media Matters founder David Brock, who spends millions targeting President Trump, is accused of…
RT @InsurancePlanX: Democrats are not sending us their best

or are they😜
RT @dbongino: Here’s what serial fraudster, & generational corruptocrat, Nancy Pelosi was REALLY up to when the Wuhan Virus was raging & th…
RT @seanhannity: Report: FBI Knew McCain Leaked Steele Dossier, Now Blames Coronavirus For Not Releasing Documents 
RT @dbongino: Former NSC Chief of Staff Says John Brennan Hid Evidence Putin Favored Hillary in 2016 🔥🔥🔥

RT @RealCandaceO: You’re a racist, radical communist that wants to expand government control and dependency— and you are using the plight o…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Once again, Nancy Pelosi is lying about her needless delay.

She stood in front of her fancy refrigerator and congratula…
RT @SecondLady: Wishing you a very special birthday, @FLOTUS. Happy Birthday! 🥳🎂
American citizens! We were long ahead of Dems, who were all against the BAN. 
RT @johncardillo: Three failed coup attempts:

1 - Russia Collusion hoax during campaign
2 - Mueller's sham 
3 - Illegitimate impeachment…
RT @MariaBartiromo: Breaking News: sources tell me @GenFlynn will be completely exonerated this week.  It was a total fraud.  A Set up.  Mo…
Great! 
RT @LindaSuhler: Dear God,
Thank you for answering our prayers.
A grateful Nation

#GodBlessAmerica🇺🇸 #PresidentTrump #ElectionDay 
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: Team Trump Online with @CLewandowski_, Rep. @MattGaetz, and Rep. @EliseStefanik! #TeamTrump

Text TRUMP to 88022 http…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Remember, the Cure can’t be worse than the problem itself. Be careful, be safe, use common sense!
RT @GOPChairwoman: From Day 1, Gretchen Whitmer has been too focused on politics.

Case in point: She just claimed she is “not getting invo…
They are one of the worst in the “news” business. Total slime balls! 
They asked me to be at West Point on June 13th., & I will be there! 
RT @WhiteHouse: "All of American society is engaged and mobilized in the war against the invisible enemy. While we must remain vigilant, it…
RT @GOPChairwoman: We’re seeing enthusiasm like this all across the country. Thank you to all the @realDonaldTrump supporters who pitched i…
Laura, just another Fake News Report! 
Does anybody get the meaning of what a so-called Noble (not Nobel) Prize is, especially as it pertains to Reporters and Journalists? Noble is defined as, “having or showing fine personal qualities or high moral principles and ideals.” Does sarcasm ever work?
Reports that H.H.S. Secretary @AlexAzar is going to be “fired” by me are Fake News. The Lamestream Media knows this, but they are desperate to create the perception of chaos & havoc in the minds of the public. They never even called to ask. Alex is doing an excellent job!
....fraud @donnabrazile (and others who are even worse). Chris Wallace is nastier to Republicans than even Deface the Nation or Sleepy Eyes. The people who are watching @FoxNews, in record numbers (thank you President Trump), are angry. They want an alternative now. So do I!
.@FoxNews just doesn’t get what’s happening! They are being fed Democrat talking points, and they play them without hesitation or research. They forgot that Fake News @CNN & MSDNC wouldn’t let @FoxNews participate, even a little bit, in the poor ratings Democrat Debates.....
....Even the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats laughed at the Fox suggestion. No respect for the people running @FoxNews. But Fox keeps on plugging to try and become politically correct. They put RINO Paul Ryan on their Board. They hire “debate questions to Crooked Hillary”....
When will all of the “reporters” who have received Noble Prizes for their work on Russia, Russia, Russia, only to have been proven totally wrong (and, in fact, it was the other side who committed the crimes), be turning back their cherished “Nobles” so that they can be given....
....to the REAL REPORTERS & JOURNALISTS who got it right. I can give the Committee a very comprehensive list. When will the Noble Committee DEMAND the Prizes back, especially since they were gotten under fraud? The reporters and Lamestream Media knew the truth all along....
....Lawsuits should be brought against all, including the Fake News Organizations, to rectify this terrible injustice. For all of the great lawyers out there, do we have any takers? When will the Noble Committee Act? Better be fast!
I work from early in the morning until late at night, haven’t left the White House in many months (except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort) in order to take care of Trade Deals, Military Rebuilding etc., and then I read a phony story in the failing @nytimes about my work....
....schedule and eating habits, written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night & read & see that I am angrily eating a hamburger & Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!
The people that know me and know the history of our Country say that I am  the hardest working President in history. I don’t know about that, but I am a hard worker and have probably gotten more done in the first 3 1/2 years than any President in history. The Fake News hates it!
I work from early in the morning until late at night, haven’t left the White House in many months (except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort) in order to take care of Trade Deals, Military Rebuilding etc., and then I read a phony story in the failing @nytimes about my work.....
....schedule and eating habits, written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night & read & see that I am angrily eating a hamberger & Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!
.@CardinalDolan  Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from @StPatsNYC!
.@CardinalDolan  Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from @stpatrickscath!
Happy Birthday to Melania, our great First Lady!
Had a great call with Catholic Leaders and Educators earlier today. I will be online tomorrow at 10:15 A.M. (Eastern) for Sunday Mass celebrated by @CardinalDolan at St. Patrick’s Cathedral (@StPatsNYC) in New York City. Join me: 
I never said the pandemic was a Hoax! Who would say such a thing? I said that the Do Nothing Democrats, together with their Mainstream Media partners, are the Hoax. They have been called out & embarrassed on this, even admitting they were wrong, but continue to spread the lie!
Remember, the Cure can’t be worse than the problem itself. Be careful, be safe, use common sense!
What is the purpose of having White House News Conferences when the Lamestream Media asks nothing but hostile questions, & then refuses to report the truth or facts accurately. They get record ratings, & the American people get nothing but Fake News. Not worth the time & effort!
Was just informed that the Fake News from the Thursday White House Press Conference had me speaking & asking questions of Dr. Deborah Birx. Wrong, I was speaking to our Laboratory expert, not Deborah, about sunlight etc. & the CoronaVirus. The Lamestream Media is corrupt & sick!
If the Wall Street Journal “Editorial” writers had called, as they should have, they would have easily found that I was “NOT happy with the Georgia Governor on Tuesday night.” You said the opposite, and got it wrong as you often do!
The Do Nothing Democrats are spending much of their money on Fake Ads. I never said that the CoronaVirus is a “Hoax”, I said that the Democrats, and the way they lied about it, are a Hoax. Also, it did start with “one person from China”, and then grew, & will be a “Miracle” end!
We have now Tested more than 5 Million People. That is more than any other country in the World, and even more than  all major countries combined!
It is a wonderful feeling to know that our States are loaded up with Ventilators, many brand new and high quality just off of our production lines, and that we are now in a position to help other countries that so desperately need them. Every person needing a Ventilator got one!
Just spoke to Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed Ali of Ethiopia. His Country needs Ventilators, and the U.S. is in good position to help him. We will!
RT @CDCgov: States, tribal, local, & territorial officials: Resources are available to help quickly identify new #COVID19 cases, break chai…
RT @CDCgov: Tribal leaders: You can help safeguard your communities from #COVID19 during funerals and burials. Actions like social distanci…
RT @CDCgov: New COVID-NET data reported more than 6,000 #COVID19 hospitalizations. Of these, almost 2,000 had race/ethnicity info. When com…
RT @CDCgov: Adults age 65+ and those with underlying health conditions are at higher risk for severe illness from #COVID19. Learn more in t…
RT @CDCgov: Looking for #CDC #COVID19 resources for sharing on social media? CDC’s social media toolkit provides free sample messages and g…
RT @HHSGov: As @Surgeon_General explains, telemedicine doesn't just help providers deliver care during the #COVID19 outbreak – it can also…
RT @NIH: Plasma is the liquid part of blood. Ppl who have recovered from #COVID19 may have antibodies (proteins the immune system makes aft…
RT @CDCgov: We’re still learning about how #COVID19 affects animals, but it appears that people can spread the virus to animals in some sit…
RT @DepSecHargan: ICYMI: Last week @VP announced that the administration is encouraging patients who have fully recovered from #COVID-19 to…
RT @CDCgov: The latest #COVIDView report shows that adults 65 and older are experiencing the highest rates of #COVID19-associated hospitali…
RT @CDCgov: Feeling sick? Answer a few questions about your symptoms using Clara, CDC’s #Coronavirus Self-Checker, to help you decide if yo…
RT @CDCgov: Household cleaners and disinfectants can cause health problems when not used properly. Follow the instructions on the product l…
Many testing sites are, and have been, open & available. Just passed 5 Million Tests, far more than any other country in the world. In fact, more than all other major countries combined! Don’t believe the Fake News! 
Thank you to the people of Colorado for the warm and gracious notes and letters sent to me for all of the Ventilators we got for you. It was my great honor! @SenCoryGardner
.@TripleH is a total winner! 
Thank you to William Perry Pendley of the Bureau of Land Management. Great job on @TuckerCarlson describing some of the most beautiful land in the world! @FoxNews
RT @CDCgov: The latest CDC #COVIDView report with new hospitalization data on race/ethnicity by age is now available 
RT @CDCgov: If you have diabetes, you are at higher risk for getting seriously ill from #coronavirus. Learn how you can take steps to prote…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
I will never let our Post Office fail. It has been mismanaged for years, especially since the advent of the internet and modern-day technology. The people that work there are great, and we’re going to keep them happy, healthy, and well!
RT @HouseGOP: 🚨 President Trump just signed the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act to empower American families, w…
RT @FinancialCmte: #BREAKING: President @RealDonaldTrump just signed legislation to support America’s #SmallBiz with additional #PPPLoans.…
RT @SenateGOP: ✓ SIGNED

President @realdonaldtrump just signed Phase 3.5 of coronavirus relief legislation into law!

Here's what it inclu…
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Ecuador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Getting VERY good reviews of the job the Federal Government is doing on CoronaVirus. Ventilators, building hospitals,…
Just spoke to President Juan Orlando Hernandez of the Republic of Honduras. We work closely together on the Southern Border. Will be helping him with his request for Ventilators and Testing.
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Equador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
Great News! Randall Stephenson, the CEO of heavily indebted AT&T, which owns and presides over Fake News @CNN, is leaving, or was forced out. Anyone who lets a garbage “network” do and say the things that CNN does, should leave ASAP. Hopefully replacement will be much better!
I (or @VP) never gave Governor Brian Kemp an OK on those few businesses outside of the Guidelines. FAKE NEWS! Spas, beauty salons, tattoo parlors, & barber shops should take a little slower path, but I told the Governor to do what is right for the great people of Georgia (& USA)!
Just spoke to President Nayib Bukele of El Salvador. Will be helping them with Ventilators, which are desperately needed. They have worked well with us on immigration at the Southern Border!
Just spoke to my friend, President Joko Widodo of the Republic of Indonesia. Asking for Ventilators, which we will provide. Great cooperation between us!
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic if Equador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
Our Country wants to move safely forward. There is a tremendous pent up demand. We will open big!
The Fake and totally corrupt News is after her as a means of getting to me. She’s smart and strong, knows the truth. Already a heroine to many! 
RT @GeraldoRivera: If--as @VP tells me on our radio interview this morning--the worst is behind us & entire epidemic will be largely behind…
RT @GOPChairwoman: We have a decision as to who will restore our economy after this pandemic.
 
@realDonaldTrump has already done it once,…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Important news!
Getting VERY good reviews of the job the Federal Government is doing on CoronaVirus. Ventilators, building hospitals, beds and yes, Testing, have been handled incredibly well. Testing is getting exponentially better every day. Love seeing our Country safely opening up!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: After the pandemic passes and we can fire up our economic engine I’m truly looking forward to watching @realDonaldTrump…
Important news! 
RT @CLewandowski_: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for forcing Harvard to return the money.  I never get tired of winning!
RT @Mike_Pence: Yesterday, I had the privilege of visiting @GEHealthcare in Wisconsin to see American industry and American workers at thei…
RT @seanhannity: In retrospect every democrat & everyone in the media mob needs to be asked if .@realDonaldTrump ‘s travel ban 10 days afte…
RT @GOPChairwoman: “At a time when many Americans are enduring significant economic challenges, this bill will help small business and keep…
RT @Mike_Pence: President @realDonaldTrump & the entire Admin are pleased at the passage of the Paycheck Protection Program in the House. I…
Disgraceful. Should join the Republican Party! 
Governor @JimJusticeWV is a tremendous fighter for the incredible people of West Virginia. Big Jim is strong on Life, the Second Amendment, and Building the Wall! With Governors like Jim, America will recover and get back to business. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman @SteveStivers is doing a terrific job for the People of Ohio! He defends our Borders, Supports our Veterans, Strong on Crime, and the Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

Congressman Bill Posey is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Florida. He is a big supporter of our #MAGA Agenda – Strong on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Loves our Veterans and Law Enforcement. Bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman @MikeTurnerOH is a strong supporter and fighter for the People of Ohio! He will help us #MAGA! He’s Strong on the Border, Tough on Crime, will Protect our Vets, and our GREAT Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman @Troy_Balderson is doing a GREAT job for the People of Ohio! He will always Protect your #2A, Defend our Borders, and Support Small Business – a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman @DaveJoyceOH14 is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Ohio! He is Tough on Crime, our Border, Second Amendment, and helps us Combat Illegal Drugs! David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman @BradWenstrup is doing a tremendous job for the People of Ohio! He’s a proud Veteran and is Strong on the Border, Tough on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Supports Small Business. Brad has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

....My co-chair in Utah and a really great guy. Sean has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes (@SeanReyesUT) is a fighter and hard worker for the Great State of Utah. He is a big supporter of our #MAGA Agenda – Strong on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Loves our Law Enforcement....
Congressman John Curtis (@CurtisUT) gets things done for Utah! John fights for Small Businesses, will Lower your Taxes, and will protect your Second Amendment. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Chris Stewart (@StewartforUtah) is a tremendous fighter for Utah. He served our Country in the U.S. Air Force, and has been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda....
....He’s 100% pro-life, strong on #2A and Loves our Military and Vets. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman Warren Davidson (@Vote_Davidson) is working very hard for the people of Ohio! He’s a strong supporter of our Military, Vets, Second Amendment, and #MAGA Agenda. Warren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
....Bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman Bill Johnson (@JohnsonLeads) is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Ohio! He’s a proud Veteran and a hard worker who Cares for our Veterans, Supports Small Business, and is Strong on the Border and Second Amendment....
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:45 P.M. Thank you!
Fully signed and ready to go! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: It is amazing that I became President of the United States with such a totally corrupt and dishonest Lamestream Media…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! This must also mean that, most importantly, we are doing a goo…
Please study this closely. We saved many lives with our fast action on CoronaVirus! 
RT @TeamTrump: Harvard University says President @realDonaldTrump is RIGHT that it would not have been appropriate for them to receive fund…
We did it once, we will quickly do it a second time! 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump announced that the @BlueAngels & @AFThunderbirds will be performing air shows across America in t…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump just signed a proclamation temporarily suspending immigration into the United States.

This will…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is suspending new immigrant visas to put American communities and workers FIRST as we move towar…
Thank you to Harvard and all others! 
RT @GOPChairwoman: “We are determined to protect our African American, Hispanic American, and minority workers who have been hit so hard by…
.@foxandfriends  We now have many Ventilators to spare. Thank you to all! 
RT @WhiteHouse: "As President, I am absolutely determined to deliver a great future for Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:45 P.M. Thank you!
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS & FLOTUS Participate in Tree Planting Ceremony 
RT @Nvr4Get91101: @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 
CDC Director was totally misquoted by Fake News @CNN on Covid 19. He will be putting out a statement.
Another FALSE ad by the Do Nothing Democrats. Almost all of their ads are False or Misleading, and the Fake News loves it! 
Sleepy Joe thought this was OK. Not me! 
I have instructed the United States Navy to shoot down and destroy any and all Iranian gunboats if they harass our ships at sea.
States are safely coming back. Our Country is starting to OPEN FOR BUSINESS again. Special care is, and always will be, given to our beloved seniors (except me!). Their lives will be better than ever...WE LOVE YOU ALL!
Happy Birthday to the great Cindy Adams of the New York Post. Cindy is 90, but looks 39 to me. She is going strong!
I will be signing my Executive Order prohibiting immigration into our Country today. In the meantime, even without this order, our Southern Border, aided substantially by the 170 miles of new Border Wall & 27,000 Mexican soldiers, is very tight - including for human trafficking!
“Economic impact of Covid-19.” @foxandfriends Very interesting analysis. Light at the end of the tunnel. Thank you!
RT @Scavino45: “Memorandum on Providing Continued Federal Support for Governors’ Use of the National Guard to Respond to COVID-19 and to Fa…
RT @Scavino45: With Excess National Supply, Exchanges Will Allow U.S. Hospitals to Continue Meeting Ventilator Demand via @WhiteHouseCEA @T…
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Had a great meeting w/ @realDonaldTrump today @WhiteHouse to discuss the ongoing response to COVID-19. Grateful for the p…
RT @realDonaldTrump: BRILLIANT, A MUST WATCH! @RepDanCrenshaw 
RT @EricTrump: 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
Harvard should give back the money now. Their whole “endowment” system should be looked at! 
RT @thehill: President Trump: "I want Harvard to pay the money back, okay? If they won't do that, then we won't do something else." 
RT @WhiteHouse: ”The New York Metropolitan area has been the epicenter of the outbreak here in America and the Federal government has spare…
RT @WhiteHouse: Earlier today, President @realDonaldTrump met with Governor Cuomo to discuss his statewide testing strategy. 
RT @WhiteHouse: The bill passed in the Senate today will provide an additional $310 billion for the Paycheck Protection Program! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Great new book just out by the Former Director of Ice, Tom Homan: “Defend the Border and Save Lives: Solving Our Most Important Humanitarian and Security Crisis.” Great guy, get your copy today! 
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
I urge the Senate and House to pass the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act with additional funding for PPP, Hospitals, and Testing. After I sign this Bill, we will begin discussions on the next Legislative Initiative with fiscal relief....
....to State/Local Governments for lost revenues from COVID 19, much needed Infrastructure Investments for Bridges, Tunnels, Broadband, Tax Incentives for Restaurants, Entertainment, Sports, and Payroll Tax Cuts to increase Economic Growth.
RT @SexCounseling: How apropos that the Witch is behind the Witch Hunt.
RT @SexCounseling: @realDonaldTrump The States need to step up their own testing and take responsibility and if they can't, perhaps the pol…
We will never let the great U.S. Oil & Gas Industry down. I have instructed the Secretary of Energy and Secretary of the Treasury to formulate a plan which will make funds available so that these very important companies and jobs will be secured long into the future!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! This must also mean that, most importantly, we are doing a good (great) job in the handling of the Pandemic.
I’ve had great “ratings” my whole life, there’s nothing unusual about that for me. The White House News Conference ratings are “through the roof”(Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale , @nytimes) but I don’t care about that. I care about going around the Fake News to the PEOPLE!
It is amazing that I became President of the United States with such a totally corrupt and dishonest Lamestream Media going after me all day, and all night. Either I’m really good, far better than the Fake News wants to admit, or they don’t have nearly the power as once thought!
Watched the first 5 minutes of poorly rated Morning Psycho on MSDNC just to see if he is as “nuts” as people are saying. He’s worse. Such hatred and contempt! I used to do his show all the time before the 2016 election, then cut him off. Wasn’t worth the effort, his mind is shot!
RT @realDonaldTrump: In light of the attack from the Invisible Enemy, as well as the need to protect the jobs of our GREAT American Citizen…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@MikeGarcia2020 will be a tremendous fighter for the U.S. and the State of California. An Annapolis graduate, he serv…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Turn your Ball…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and…
RT @JimInhofe: Our farmers and ranchers are instrumental to Oklahoma’s economy and they’ve been hit hard by #COVID19. This funding will bri…
RT @senatemajldr: It’s been four days since the Paycheck Protection Program ran dry. Republicans have been trying to fund this job-saving p…
RT @WhiteHouse: "At a time when millions of American workers and families are struggling with the financial consequences of the virus, it's…
RT @GreggJarrett: 
RT @GreggJarrett: Does Google have Hillary Clinton’s Bleach Bit Emails? 
RT @GreggJarrett: Schumer’s Pathetic Attempt to Chastise Trump Backfires 
RT @GreggJarrett: Footnotes from IG Report Soon To Be Declassified; Show FBI Gave ‘False Picture’ in Briefing Materials to Congress 
RT @GreggJarrett: New Evidence Confirms That The Russia Probe Against @realDonaldTrump Was A “Witch Hunt” 
RT @GreggJarrett: Clinton-Funded Russian Disinformation Drove The Witch Hunt Against Trump 
RT @GreggJarrett: More Russia Spygate Indictments Coming ‘This Week’ 
Great Alan. They are Fake News! 
RT @TrumpWarRoom: General Motors's first ventilators arrived Friday at hospitals, just 1 month after conversations about the possibility of…
7 Devastating Revelations About Crossfire Hurricane In New Releases 
In light of the attack from the Invisible Enemy, as well as the need to protect the jobs of our GREAT American Citizens, I will be signing an Executive Order to temporarily suspend immigration into the United States!
.@MikeGarcia2020 will be a tremendous fighter for the U.S. and the State of California. An Annapolis graduate, he served our Country as a highly decorated Navy Fighter Pilot and will be a great Congressman (#CA25). Loves our Military, and Vets...
...He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Turn your Ballots in now and track them, watching for dishonesty. Report to Law Enforcement. 
....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany! 
Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
Last month all you heard from the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats was, “Ventilators, Ventilators, Ventilators.” They screamed it loud & clear, & thought they had us cold, even though it was the State’s task. But everyone got their V’s, with many to spare. Now they scream....
... “Testing, Testing, Testing,” again playing a very dangerous political game. States, not the Federal Government, should be doing the Testing - But we will work with the Governors and get it done. This is easy compared to the fast production of thousands of complex Ventilators!
Received a very nice call from @GovTimWalz of Minnesota. We are working closely on getting him all he needs, and fast. Good things happening!
RT @Scavino45: 
RT @DanScavino: “Every person who leaves the hospital is a win and celebrated by our staff. We play ‘Here Comes the Sun’ over the loudspeak…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
Congratulations to all of my many friends at The Villages in Florida on having done so well, and with such great spirit, during these rather unusual times. So proud of everyone! Mark Morse & Gary Lester have really stepped up to the plate. Hope to see everyone soon.
BRILLIANT, A MUST WATCH! @RepDanCrenshaw 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
White House News Conference at 5:45. Thank you!
Thank you to my boy! 
“On February 19th there was a Democratic Debate, in Las Vegas. Three words weren’t said: Virus, CoronaVirus, or COVID19. NEVER came up!” @BretBaier
Great book by @SenatorTimScott! 
.@FoxNews “Dems say President Trump is trying to open the United States Economy too quickly”, but, if I took even a little more time, they would loudly chant that I am moving too slowly. Just political talking points for them. For me it’s about lives &  the future of our Country!
RT @ArthurSchwartz: Acting DNI @RichardGrenell is Succeeding, Angering Traitors @AmbassadorRice & @RepAdamSchiff 
RT @CarlHigbie: I have known #LauraLoomer for years and said from day one that if she runs she will win...  @TheDemocrats are about to get…
RT @CarlHigbie: Hey-yo 2020!!!😂 
RT @CarlHigbie: Love @realDonaldTrump, keep up the fight for America 🇺🇸!!!
RT @RepLeeZeldin: While @realDonaldTrump believes the enemy is coronavirus, @SpeakerPelosi believes the enemy is Pres Trump. In order to de…
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Factoring in local conditions & partnering w/states, we must reopen our economy smartly & precisely & prevent a 2nd outbr…
RT @kimguilfoyle: “In responding to the outbreak of coronavirus across the country, every level of government has worked together. Reopenin…
RT @AF_Academy: Today was HUGE! Congrats to the Class of 2020! More photos from today's event can be found here: 
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Small businesses desperately need the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) and Emergency Injury Disaster Loan (EIDL) to be f…
RT @RichardGrenell: Germany looks for the right balance to return to a new normal. 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Germany’s largest newspaper comes out swinging against China. This is a must watch for US journalists who seem intent o…
RT @ArthurSchwartz: She calls it “the flu” and says that calling it the China Virus is racist towards Asian Americans. Just as Xi Jinping o…
RT @ArthurSchwartz: The People’s Republic of Los Angeles. @ericgarcetti is out of control like the rest of the democrats.
Nervous Nancy is an inherently “dumb” person. She wasted all of her time on the Impeachment Hoax. She will be overthrown, either by inside or out, just like her last time as “Speaker”. Wallace & @FoxNews are on a bad path, watch! 
Just like I was right on Ventilators (our Country is now the “King of Ventilators”, other countries are calling asking for help-we will!), I am right on testing. Governors must be able to step up and get the job done. We will be with you ALL THE WAY!
RT @kaitlancollins: Vice President Pence tells Chris Wallace the U.S. is conducting about 150,000 tests per day and four million tests have…
RT @PressSec: President @realDonaldTrump has DELIVERED ⬇️

✅ 523 MILLION gloves
✅ 69 MILLION surgical masks
✅ 55 MILLION N95 respirators
✅…
RT @ErinMPerrine: EVERGREEN —&gt; Any reporter or outlet using half of a quote and refusing to use appropriate context is doing so maliciously.
RT @JudgeJeanine: .@PressSec joins me to discuss everything President Trump is doing to keep us on the right track in order to reopen Ameri…
Great credit must be given to @FEMA and all of those that are helping our States make it big! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: I gave up on Drudge (a really nice guy) long ago, as have many others. People are dropping off like flies!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great new book out by @realKTMcFarland, “Revolution: Trump, Washington, and We the People”. Get your copy today! 
Look forward to this! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: China wants Sleepy Joe sooo badly. They want all of those billions of dollars that they have been paying to the U.S. b…
CONGRATULATIONS @AF_Academy! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you @Honeywell, great job!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great news, thank you!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Our GREAT Senator from South Carolina, @SenatorTimScott just released a fantastic new book, “OPPORTUNITY KNOCKS: How H…
Great new book out by @realKTMcFarland, “Revolution: Trump, Washington, and We the People”. Get your copy today! 
Will be online tomorrow morning at 10:30am (Eastern) watching @jackngraham from @Prestonwood Baptist in Dallas, Texas. You can join us at 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
China wants Sleepy Joe sooo badly. They want all of those billions of dollars that they have been paying to the U.S. back, and much more. Joe is an easy mark, their DREAM CANDIDATE! 
RT @BryanDeanWright: Biden has a problem if he runs on “Things Were Better Under Obama.”
RT @paulsperry_: With all the grounded flights and ghosted airports, great time for POTUS to rebuild crumbling airports like La Guardia and…
RT @paulsperry_: Trump’s bold gamble on hydroxychloroquine (HC) appears to be paying off. Medical professionals in NY tell Judicial Watch t…
I gave up on Drudge (a really nice guy) long ago, as have many others. People are dropping off like flies! 
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: New daily cases of COVID-19 in both U.S. and N.Y. have peaked and trend-line now rolling over
RT @paulsperry_: Let's see if authorities enforce the social-distancing orders for mosques during Ramadan (April 23-May 23) like they did c…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Adjusted for population, U.S. COVID-19 deaths (fatalities per million) are lower than every Western European cou…
RT @paulsperry_: ---&gt;
The most often used phrase in the Lamestream Media, by far, is “sources say”, or “officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity”, or anything similar which allows Fake News to make up a phony quote from a person who doesn’t even exist. The American people should demand NAMES!
....them happy, or even a little bit satisfied. They were RUDE and NASTY. This is their political playbook, and they will use it right up to the election on November 3rd. They will not change because they feel that this is the only way they can win. America will not be fooled!!!
....Example! V.P. Mike Pence held a conference call yesterday with all Democrat Senators. He gave them everything that they would have wanted to hear in terms of gaining ground on the CoronaVirus, but nothing that anyone could have said, including “it’s over”, could have made....
No matter what you do for the Do Nothing Democrats, no matter how GREAT a job you are doing, they will only respond to their Fake partners in the Lamestream Media in the negative, even in a time of crisis. I thought it would be different, but it’s not. In fact, it’s even worse...
Great news, thank you! 
Thank you @Honeywell, great job! 
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:00 P.M. Thank you!
Really nice to see this and, what a great pick! 
John James will be a GREAT Senator for Michigan! 
RT @SenRickScott: .@SenateDems blocked more funding for this program just last week and now it’s almost out of money. Small businesses need…
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: The @SenSchumer & @SpeakerPelosi paycheck blockade must end now. The #PaycheckProtectionProgram has ensured millions o…
RT @marcorubio: In just 12 days #PPP has helped over 1 MILLION #SmallBusiness save 15 MILLION American jobs. But now it’s being held hostag…
RT @marcorubio: Contrary to the air cover being provided to Democratic congressional leaders by many in the media #PPP is NOT tied up becau…
RT @SenatorTimScott: The initial #PaycheckProtectionProgram funds have run out. 5.2 million more Americans filed for unemployment last week…
RT @SenCapito: This situation could have been completely avoided. Small businesses in America are in desperate need. We should not be playi…
RT @senatemajldr: Republicans tried to pass more money for Americans’ paychecks last week. Democrats blocked it. Speaker Pelosi said she sa…
RT @JimInhofe: BREAKING – Funds have officially run out for the #PaycheckProtectionProgram. This program has helped so many in Oklahoma and…
RT @WhiteHouse: Congress must IMMEDIATELY increase funding for the Paycheck Protection Program.

A simple 1 page bill will get the job done…
RT @GrassleyPress: The livelihood of many Americans are on the line during the #coronavirus pandemic.

Last week, @SenateDems blocked addit…
RT @SenJohnThune: This never needed to happen.

@SenateGOP was ready to approve more relief funds last week — Dems stepped in to block.

*O…
RT @SenatorBraun: I spent 40 years building a small business on Main Street, and it's sad that Senate Democrats blocked additional aid for…
RT @SenToddYoung: Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s refusal to provide additional funding for this bipartisan program is indefensible. I’ll continue f…
RT @SteveDaines: The #PaycheckProtectionProgram is critical for MT small businesses and workers. It’s officially OUT of money. We must boos…
RT @SenJoniErnst: #PaycheckProtectionProgram has allowed workers to collect paychecks & #smallbiz owners pay bills: 22K+ loans & $3.7B+ in…
RT @SenatorLankford: Small businesses in Oklahoma received more than $4 billion dollars from the #PaycheckProtectionProgram to help them &…
RT @SenHydeSmith: Today @SBAgov announced officially that #PaycheckProtectionProgram is out of funds. Every Senate Republican was ready to…
RT @SenatorFischer: Great #PaycheckProtectionProgram success story in NE! I’m glad Steve was able to use this program to get his employees…
RT @SenBillCassidy: I’m receiving text messages, phone calls & emails from #smallbiz owners who wonder if more money will be put into the #…
RT @SenJohnKennedy: Congress could pass clean #coronavirus relief bills . . . if Speaker Pelosi would agree to it. 

Right now, though, Dem…
RT @SenJohnThune: By blocking relief for Main Street, Democrats are behaving as they always do in circumstances like this one: hijacking th…
RT @SenateGOP: ⚙️⛰️🇺🇸

The #PaycheckProtectionProgram is WORKING in Colorado!

↓↓↓↓ 
RT @senrobportman: The #PaycheckProtectionProgram has already issued 1M+ loans to small businesses, saving millions of jobs nationwide.
 
B…
RT @SenateGOP: #PPP Update: April 17

↓↓↓

❌no new loans approved

❌no new jobs saved

The Paycheck Protection Program is out of money.

an…
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: @SenSchumer .@SenSchumer and Congressional Democrats need to stop holding workers and small businesses hostage and sto…
RT @SenateGOP: The #PaycheckProtectionProgram is literally saving millions of jobs.

It's helping small businesses stay open.

FUNDS WILL R…
RT @SenatorTimScott: I want to thank President @realDonaldTrump for the opportunity to serve our nation on this task force, and I will be w…
RT @SenatorTimScott: As our nation faces an unprecedented crisis in responding to the #COVID19 #coronavirus pandemic, it is critical that w…
RT @SenatorTimScott: Through yesterday, the PPP approved 22,933 loans for more than $3.8b in South Carolina. $3.8b to ensure workers get th…
Spending the morning speaking to @fema and Military relative to CoronaVirus. Also, spoke to leaders of various countries including Poland, South Korea and Bahrain. Last night had a very gold conversation with the President of Mexico on numerous topics. Border is very strong!
An incompetent political hack! Come back to Washington & take care of our great American workers. 
This is a disgraceful situation! 
RT @charliekirk11: This is your daily reminder that Joe Biden flew his son to China on Air Force 2 to help him secure a $1.5 BILLION deal w…
RT @charliekirk11: One week ago today, Democrats blocked a GOP-led increase in funding for small businesses

Today, that funding ran out.…
RT @charliekirk11: Democrats care more about appeasing China than the American people.
RT @charliekirk11: Did you know:

Ilhan Omar's campaign is on track to pay her husband's consulting firm $1.16 MILLION in 2020

Last year,…
RT @charliekirk11: In January, The WHO tweeted that China found no evidence of human-to-human transmission of COVID-19

This was a Chinese…
Lamestream Media is only getting worse! 
Cut him off now! 
RT @charliekirk11: Facts:

California’s Motor Voter law resulted in AT LEAST 1,500 people, including non-citizens, being registered to vote…
Great book. Get it and support Charlie! 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: Economic relief payments have been sent out to over 80 million Americans!

If you haven’t got yo…
They are Fake News Losers! 
RT @GOPChairwoman: Democrats are blocking more funding for #PaycheckProtectionProgram that @realDonaldTrump signed into law.

1.7M #smallbi…
RT @TeamTrump: The partisan media has spread false information about America's testing capacity!

President @realDonaldTrump isn't afraid t…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: “The ultimate victory in this war will be made possible by America’s scientific brilliance.” htt…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Great news from @realDonaldTrump:

So far, the Treasury Department has sent 80 million Americans economic relief payment…
RT @ChanelRion: AG Sec Sonny Purdue:
- Ag Relief Program is in 2 parts
1) $16 bill in direct payments
2) USDA will purchase $3 Bill in food…
RT @ChanelRion: #HAPPENINGNOW: White House Daily  Briefing 4/17/20

- Treasury has sent relief checks to over 80 mill Americans - 
RT @WhiteHouse: Yesterday, we unveiled the Guidelines for Opening Up America Again! 🇺🇸 


RT @SecretarySonny: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for all you do for America's farmers and ranchers.
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
White House news conference today at 6:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Cuomo ridiculously wanted “40 thousand Ventilators”. We gave him a small fraction of that number, and it was plenty. State should have had them in stockpile!
The States have to step up their TESTING!
China has just announced a doubling in the number of their deaths from the Invisible Enemy. It is far higher than that and far higher than the U.S., not even close!
Biden/Obama were a disaster in handling the H1N1 Swine Flu. Polling at the time showed disastrous approval numbers. 17,000 people died unnecessarily and through incompetence! Also, don’t forget their 5 Billion Dollar Obamacare website that should have cost close to nothing!
Governor Cuomo should spend more time “doing” and less time “complaining”. Get out there and get the job done. Stop talking! We built you thousands of hospital beds that you didn’t need or use, gave large numbers of Ventilators that you should have had, and helped you with....
....testing that you should be doing. We have given New York far more money, help and equipment than any other state, by far, & these great men & women who did the job never hear you say thanks. Your numbers are not good. Less talk and more action!
LIBERATE VIRGINIA, and save your great 2nd Amendment. It is under siege!
LIBERATE MICHIGAN!
LIBERATE MINNESOTA!
Today people started losing their jobs because of Crazy Nancy Pelosi, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, who should immediately come back to Washington and approve legislation to help families in America. End your ENDLESS VACATION!
Why did the W.H.O. Ignore an email from Taiwanese health officials in late December alerting them to the possibility that CoronaVirus could be transmitted between humans? Why did the W.H.O. make several claims about the CoronaVirus that ere either inaccurate or misleading....
....in January and February, as the Virus spread globally? Why did the W.H.O. wait as long as it did to take decisive action? Lanhee Chen, Hoover Institution Fellow @FoxNews
THANK GOD FOR TRUCKERS! 

RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Crazy Nancy Pelosi deleted this from her Twitter account. She wanted everyone to pack into Chinatown long after I closed the BORDER TO CHINA. Based on her statement, she is responsible for many deaths. She’s an incompetent, third-rate politician! 
Major News Conference tonight, the White House at 6:00 P.M. (Eastern), to explain Guidelines for OPENING UP AMERICA AGAIN!
Democrats are blocking additional funding for the popular Paycheck Protection Program. They are killing American small businesses. Stop playing politics Dems! Support Refilling PPP NOW – it is out of funds!
Crazy “Nancy Pelosi, you are a weak person. You are a poor leader. You are the reason America hates career politicians, like yourself.” @seanhannity She is totally incompetent & controlled by the Radical Left, a weak and pathetic puppet. Come back to Washington and do your job!
.@OANN Poll “Gives President Trump a 52% Approval Rating in North Carolina, and a seven point lead over (Sleepy) Joe Biden. The President also helps other Republican Candidates, including @SenThomTillis, who has a 4% lead over his Democrat rival.”
RT @WhiteHouse: The Federal government has ordered and shipped hundreds of millions of PPE items around the country. 
RT @WhiteHouse: In 11 days, @GM sourced materials, transformed a manufacturing facility, and trained a workforce to build lifesaving ventil…
RT @WhiteHouse: We are using every available authority to accelerate the development, study, and delivery of therapies. 
RT @WhiteHouse: To date, more than 3.3 million Coronavirus tests have been completed and 48 different tests have been authorized. 
White House news conference today at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
We are having very productive calls with the leaders of every sector of the economy who are all-in on getting America back to work, and soon. More to come! #MAGA
My condolences to the Steinbrenner family, and the entire @Yankees Organization, on the passing of Hank Steinbrenner. He was a friend and will be missed greatly by all! 
#ThanksForDelivering @UPS! 
RT @USNavy: Hard at work in #NYC.

#USNavy Sailors provide care for trauma, emergency, and urgent care patients without regard to their #CO…
Our GREAT Senator from South Carolina, @SenatorTimScott just released a fantastic new book, “OPPORTUNITY KNOCKS: How Hard Work, Community, and Business Can Improve Lives and End Poverty.” Get your copy today! 
RT @GOPLeader: RT to tell Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi to STOP blocking critical funding for small businesses. The Paycheck Protection Pr…
“The Art of an Oil Deal” 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is halting funding of the World Health Organization while a review is conducted to assess WHO's…
White House news conference today at 5:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
My Administration is committed to protecting the Homeland from the scourge of narco-terrorists and traffickers seeking to destabilize the United States and our Hemisphere. Our military deployments in the Caribbean & Eastern Pacific will endure until these threats are neutralized! 
Tell the Democrat Governors that “Mutiny On The Bounty” was one of my all time favorite movies. A good old fashioned mutiny every now and then is an exciting and invigorating thing to watch, especially when the mutineers need so much from the Captain. Too easy!
GET RID OF BALLOT HARVESTING, IT IS RAMPANT WITH FRAUD. THE USA MUST HAVE VOTER I.D., THE ONLY WAY TO GET AN HONEST COUNT!
Cuomo’s been calling daily, even hourly, begging for everything, most of which should have been the state’s responsibility, such as new hospitals, beds, ventilators, etc. I got it all done for him, and everyone else, and now he seems to want Independence! That won’t happen!
The Democrats don’t want to approve more money for our great workers under the incredibly successful “Paycheck” plan. Replenish Account Now!
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Media keep asking what the Trump Administration was doing in February to combat the coronavirus after restricting travel…
RT @WhiteHouse: "We're very close to completing a plan to open our country." 
RT @WhiteHouse: Over the weekend, the number of daily new infections remained flat.

Thanks to the efforts of every American, our strategie…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump offered his condolences to Americans across the south who just endured deadly tornadoes and seve…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
My deepest sympathies go out to Frieda Chera and the family of the late, great, Stanley Chera, one of Manhattan’s most brilliant real estate minds. Stanley was charitable, kind, and a wonderful friend. He will be truly missed!
First the Fake News Media said that it’s not fair for the President of the United States to be giving news conferences, but it is the only way I can reach the American People, as seen in the below poll. 
White House news conference today at 5:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
....It is the decision of the President, and for many good reasons. With that being said, the Administration and I are working closely with the Governors, and this will continue. A decision by me, in conjunction with the Governors and input from others, will be made shortly!
For the purpose of creating conflict and confusion, some in the Fake News Media are saying that it is the Governors decision to open up the states, not that of the President of the United States & the Federal Government. Let it be fully understood that this is incorrect....
....disaster, the Energy Industry will be strong again, far faster than currently anticipated. Thank you to all of those who worked with me on getting this very big business back on track, in particular Russia and Saudi Arabia.
Having been involved in the negotiations, to put it mildly, the number that OPEC+ is looking to cut is 20 Million Barrels a day, not the 10 Million that is generally being reported. If anything near this happens, and the World gets back to business from the Covid 19.....
The @nytimes story is a Fake, just like the “paper” itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban, long before most others wanted to do so. @SecAzar told me nothing until later, and Peter Navarro memo was same as Ban (see his statements). Fake News!
I am working hard to expose the corruption and dishonesty in the Lamestream Media. That part is easy, the hard part is WHY?
The @nytimes story is a Fake, just like the “paper” itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban, long before most others wanted to do so. @SecAzar told me nothing until later, and @PeterNavarroUSA memo was same as Ban (see his statements). Fake News!
RT @CLewandowski_: US House hopeful Mowers raised $354K in first quarter; campaign says it’s a primary record for a GOP candidate in NH. We…
RT @CLewandowski_: Fox News Poll: Trump job approval hits new high as voters rally during crisis. Eighty-nine percent of Republicans approv…
RT @DavidJUrban: @HillaryClinton said she would "​put a lot of coal miners out of jobs" now @JoeBiden says the same thing to the hardworkin…
RT @David_Bossie: New digital ad up in battleground states today highlighting @realDonaldTrump strong leadership combating the coronavirus…
Thank you Paris! 
Thank you! 
RT @AnthemRespect: @Lrihendry @NatalieJHarp @PlaysTrumpCard @ROHLL5 @bfraser747 @oUSA_JEDIo @polishprincessh @flightcrew @IamAllOutOfGum @T…
RT @AnthemRespect: If you’re an Independent or Moderate Democrat...

...never forget that while Democrat Party leaders are fighting hard fo…
I look forward to it also! 
RT @ScottPresler: Ladies & gentlemen, 

I present to you: The democrat presidential candidate. 

“We have never, never let our democracy sa…
RT @ScottPresler: Here’s an example of what I’m working on:



Virginia’s 2nd Congressional District is flippable.
#…
RT @ScottPresler: Georgia’s 6th District is flippable. 

This one’s for you, Cobb, Fulton, & Dekalb Counties. 


#GA…
Great going Natalie! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Governors, get your states testing programs & apparatus perfected. Be ready, big things are happening. No excuses! The…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The big Oil Deal with OPEC Plus is done. This will save hundreds of thousands of energy jobs in the United States. I w…
RT @realDonaldTrump: If the Fake News Opposition Party is pushing, with all their might, the fact that President Trump “ignored early warni…
RT @realDonaldTrump: For the first time in history there is a fully signed Presidential Disaster Declaration for all 50 States. We are winn…
RT @OANN: Report: Obama admin. repeatedly cut PPE stockpile, failed to replenish s... 
Sorry Fake News, it’s all on tape. I banned China long before people spoke up. Thank you @OANN 
RT @OANN: Report: FBI hid details of Papadopoulos investigation from court 
RT @Amanda_Bril: The President's Easter message
"we hope all of you are filled with the joy, love, and hope that marks this holiest of days…
Fake News! 
RT @jsolomonReports: Read the explosive declassified footnotes from the Horowitz report revealing that the FBI was warned that Christopher…
RT @SaraCarterDC: FBI's 'central evidence' To Spy On Trump Campaign Was Russian Disinformation, Declassified IG Footnotes Reveal - 

⁦@SenR…
RT @ChuckRossDC: NEW: FBI Received Evidence Of Russian Disinformation In Steele Dossier

A Hill source adds: "Schiff was slinging Russian d…
RT @ChuckRossDC: Scott Gottlieb says @WHO enabled China's obfuscation on coronavirus, and that it could have been containable had Beijing n…
Governors, get your states testing programs & apparatus perfected. Be ready, big things are happening. No excuses! The Federal Government is there to help. We are testing more than any country in the World. Also, gear up with Face Masks!
The Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) and their partner, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, have put their political game plan in full swing. “Whether he is right or wrong, it doesn’t matter. Criticize ’Trump’ for everything, and don’t let the public see Biden. Hide him.”
If the Fake News Opposition Party is pushing, with all their might, the fact that President Trump “ignored early warnings about the threat,” then why did Media & Dems viciously criticize me when I instituted a Travel Ban on China? They said “early & not necessary.” Corrupt Media!
Just watched Mike Wallace wannabe, Chris Wallace, on @FoxNews. I am now convinced that he is even worse than Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Press(please!), or the people over at Deface the Nation. What the hell is happening to @FoxNews. It’s a whole new ballgame over there!
The big Oil Deal with OPEC Plus is done. This will save hundreds of thousands of energy jobs in the United States. I would like to thank and congratulate President Putin of Russia and King Salman of Saudi Arabia. I just spoke to them from the Oval Office. Great deal for all!
For the first time in history there is a fully signed Presidential Disaster Declaration for all 50 States. We are winning, and will win, the war on the Invisible Enemy!
Great businessman & philanthropist Bernie Marcus, Co-Founder of Home Depot, said that Congress was too distracted by the (phony) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating  CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also!@dcexaminer
Great businessman & philanthropist Bernies Marcus, Co-Founder of Home Depot, said that Congress was too distracted by the (phony) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating  CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also!@dcexaminer
HAPPY EASTER!
A very good sign is that empty hospital beds are becoming more and more prevalent. We deployed 418 Doctors, Nurses and Respiratory Therapists from the hospital ship Comfort and the Javits Convention Center to hospitals in NYC & State. Have more bed capacity than was needed. Good!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Wishing all a safe and blessed Easter Sunday. I will be tuning into Pastor @robertjeffress at 
HAPPY EASTER! 
Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews!
RT @SteveScalise: Let's be clear about what's going on:

Republicans are trying to replenish the Paycheck Protection Program before funds r…
RT @MarioDB: What a great story. 

@AmericanAir has turned the Admirals Club at @iflymia into a mask-making factory! During a time of crisi…
RT @HouseGOP: The #PaycheckProtectionProgram is a lifeline for small businesses on Main Street across America.
 
Congress must urgently pas…
RT @senatemajldr: Small business layoffs spiked 1,000% last month. 10% of the U.S. workforce is now jobless. This is no time for political…
RT @GOPLeader: The Paycheck Protection Program has been so successful for America’s small businesses that it is projected to run out of mon…
Cryin’Chuck doesn’t have a clue. Couldn’t care less about the American Worker! 
RT @GOPLeader: Speaker Pelosi has said she is aware of 'no data as to why we need' more funding for Americans’ paychecks. Anyone paying att…
RT @FLOTUS: On the eve of #Easter, let us remember the ones who lost their lives to COVID19. Please try to connect w/ family, friends & lov…
RT @FLOTUS: It is a great honor to serve the people of this incredible country. 🇺🇸 #InaugurationDay2017 
Mail in ballots substantially increases the risk of crime and VOTER FRAUD!
Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews! 
So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
Governor @GavinNewsom of California has been very nice &  highly supportive about the great job we have done, working together, for California. That is the good news, but this is the bad. He is unfairly under attack by the Radical Left Dems, MSDNC etc. He is strong! Will he fold?
I will be watching. HAVE A GREAT EASTER! 
RT @robertjeffress: During our 152-year history in downtown Dallas Presidents Woodrow Wilson, Gerald Ford, & George H. W. Bush have worship…
RT @robertjeffress: Thank you, President @realDonaldTrump! We are honored to have you join us and are grateful for your strong leadership o…
The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board doesn’t have a clue on how to fight and win. Their views on Tariffs & Trade are losers for the U.S., but winners for other countries, including China. If we followed their standards,  we’d have no Country left. They should love Sleepy Joe!
So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder where the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
Watching @FoxNews on weekend afternoons is a total waste of time. We now have some great alternatives, like @OANN.
“The President and the Federal Government are doing an excellent job. When they say the death toll isn’t going to be as high as reported, they (the opposition) act like they’re sad because it’s lower. I think they are (Press Conferences) wonderful.” West Virginia Resident, C Span
Great editorial by @SenRonJohnson! 
Wishing all a safe and blessed Easter Sunday. I will be tuning into Pastor @robertjeffress at 
WE WILL BUILD IT AGAIN!
....Does anyone ever notice how few quotes from an actual person are given nowadays by the Lamestream Media. Very seldom. The unnamed or anonymous sources are almost always FAKE NEWS.
When the Failing @nytimes or Amazon @washingtonpost writes a story saying “unnamed sources said”, or any such phrase where a person’s  name is not used, don’t believe them. Most of these unnamed sources don’t exist. They are made up to defame & disparage. They have no “source”...
....economy was shuttered. This is unprecedented, it is unsettling and challenging but, we will rise to meet the occasion.” MACK MCLARTY, Clinton White House Chief of Staff. @LelandVittert @FoxNews Thank you Mack. We will be bigger, better and stronger than ever before!
“I think the situation is unprecedented, and there is no question about that. It’s whiplash! The economy was moving forward at a rapid pace in terms of growth, jobs and even wage increases, and all of a sudden the pandemic hit and the....
“Trump did a deal with Japan. A lot of our product goes to Japan, and we are booming in North Dakota.” Jim on C Span, Washington Journal. Our Trade Deals will be having a big impact on our Country as they kick in!
RT @WhiteHouse: In response to the virus, the American people have launched the greatest mobilization of our society since World War II. 🇺🇸…
RT @WhiteHouse: This Sunday, millions of Christians will celebrate Easter. 

"At this holy time, we pray that God will heal the sick and co…
RT @WhiteHouse: The data is clear: Our collective national effort is saving many lives. Keep up the fight! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Nobody wants to say that if Elizabeth Warren gets out of the race before Super Tuesday, Crazy Bernie Sanders wins virtually every state in a blowout...NOT EVEN CLOSE!  I haven’t heard one member of the Fake News Establishment even mention this irrefutable fact. FAKE NEWS!
RT @trish_regan: AG #Barr says he believes #Russia investigation into #PresTrump was started without basis & effectively amounted to an eff…
RT @TomFitton: AG William Barr says Russia probe targeting @RealDonaldTrump was started 'without basis'. Where are the prosections? 
RT @brithume: Barr on the right track here. Most in the media went in the other direction.  
The Invisible Enemy will soon be in full retreat!
Because the T.V. Ratings for the White House News Conference’s are the highest, the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media), the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats &, of course, the few remaining RINO’S, are doing everything in their power to disparage & end them. The People’s Voice!
The White House Press Conference will take place today at 1:00 P.M., recognizing that it is Good Friday!
HAPPY GOOD FRIDAY TO ALL!
Wow, Approval Rating in the Republican Party - 96%. Thank you!
RT @SenTomCotton: .@Max_Fisher claims—without evidence—that I believe the China virus was “produced by a Chinese weapons lab.” He should ha…
RT @SenTomCotton: Very grateful for the people of Vietnam and their generosity during this time. Thank you!
RT @SaraCarterDC: WHO Director Says Politicizing COVID19 Leads To 'body bags,' But He Was Accused Of Covering Up Epidemics In Ethiopia

 ht…
RT @SaraCarterDC: Former Flynn Defense Counsel Covington and Burling 'just now found additional docs' In Flynn File - Sara A. Carter

“We a…
Not good Gregg, but it is what it is. Have to save the airlines! 
RT @GreggJarrett: Coronavirus Crisis – Americans Fear the Lockdown More Than The Virus 
RT @Sedona4ProLife: @realDailyWire Can't beat Trump! 
RT @THE_REDLILY: @EM_KA_17 @senatemajldr THEY ARE EVIL PEOPLE PERIOD‼️ 
RT @zeusFanHouse: #Trump #Coronavirus Campaign Ad Features Joe Biden Cheerleading for China

“During America’s #crisis,Biden protected #Chi…
RT @Thaun84: @realDailyWire If Trump is tied with Biden, it probably actually means he is 10 points ahead.
RT @realDailyWire: Fauci: We’re On Track For More ‘Normal’ Summer; Mnuchin: Likely To Begin ‘Reopening’ In May 
RT @cybergenica: AG William Barr on the Russia investigation: 'There's something far more troubling here' 
RT @cybergenica: Trump vows coronavirus-ravaged economy will 'bounce' back 
RT @cybergenica: Macron faces calls to allow wider use hydroxychloroquine in coronavirus fight: report 
Congress must go back to DEDUCTIBILITY by businesses if Restaurants, Clubs & Entertaiment is expected to flourish (like never before)!
Democrats are blocking a 251 Billion Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason, with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts & more. Big Economic Bounceback!
This week, in only 4 days, we had the biggest Stock Market increase since 1974. We have a great chance for the really big bounce when the Invisible Enemy is gone!
Democrats are blocking a 251 Million Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason, with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts & more. Big Economic Bounceback!
RT @KimStrassel: The World Health Organization’s bows to China have harmed the global response to the coronavirus.  
RT @KimStrassel: Bernie Sanders gives up on the nomination but is determined to force Joe Biden leftward—making him unelectable in the proc…
RT @KimStrassel: Pelosi holds up small business: Democrats may let a new relief program run out of money.  
RT @BBCBreaking: Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been moved out of intensive care but remains in hospital, Downing Street says 
RT @searcyroger52: @IngrahamAngle if you continue to have loud mouth low IQ Chris Hahn on your show you’re going to loose me and many other…
RT @TommyHicksGOP: “President Trump’s campaign remains at the forefront of digital campaigning and engagement…Sleepy Joe’s broadcasts, whic…
RT @TeamTrump: MUST READ op-ed from @LizRNC: Isn’t it strange how every Democrat proposal for voting during a pandemic is exactly what Demo…
RT @CLH45: "Our goal is - first, second and third - to get relief to people who need it, quickly. So, we're trying to do it as swiftly as p…
RT @TeamTrump: Secretary of State @mikepompeo announces that the State Department has repatriated 50,000 Americans! 
RT @parscale: The @TeamTrump online campaign is 🔥🔥🔥!

Since going all-virtual March 13:

❗️276K NEW volunteers
❗️13,347,694 volunteer calls…
RT @GaryCoby: Trump vs Establishment - Part 2!

#SleepyJoe Loves...
✅ China
✅ Open Borders
✅ Free Healthcare for Illegals
✅ Big Government…
RT @FrancisBrennan: “Trump Campaign: The President Will Destroy Biden in November” 
RT @FrancisBrennan: What is Joe Biden doing with his hand here?

It looks like Biden’s teleprompter went down during his coronavirus press…
RT @LizRNC: AG Barr on Durham probe:

"He is looking to bring to justice people who were engaged in abuses if he can show that they were cr…
RT @ErinMPerrine: Dem establishment got the candidate they wanted with Biden & his policies are right in line w/ Socialist Bernie -- BAD FO…
RT @TeamTrump: Team Trump Communications Director @TimMurtaugh on how important the #PaycheckProtectionProgram is for American Small Busine…
RT @FLOTUS: As the CDC continues to study the spread of the COVID-19, they recommend people wear cloth face coverings in public settings wh…
RT @CNBCnow: BREAKING: Democrats block McConnell’s effort to get unanimous support for $250 billion in additional small business aid 

RT @AndrewHClark: Slow slow Sleepy Joe 
Tim Scott is Great! 
Thank you Frank. It’s ABC Fake News. They knew they were wrong when they went with this Hoax of a story! 
RT @JuddPDeere45: .@realDonaldTrump and @senatemajldr are fighting to help small businesses across this country. #COVID19 #AmericaWorksToge…
RT @MZanona: House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy said it's “disgusting” that Dems are pushing to include money for mail-in voting in the n…
RT @Surabees: Just like @CNN did earlier today, here's @nytimes once again changing a headline to protect their close personal friends in t…
RT @ErinMPerrine: 100% mail in voting is ripe for fraud. States should maintain the responsibility for their voting laws.

Democrats want t…
RT @FLOTUS: Today I joined @POTUS, @VP, & @SecondLady on a call w Mental Health Professionals. Americans are enduring many hardships becaus…
RT @BenGoldey: President @realDonaldTrump just announced: “Student loan payments have been waived for 6 months, and we'll discuss it after…
RT @GOPconvention: “The Republican Convention is going to be such a benefit for the city. It’s going to show everyone around the world that…
Thank you Erin! 
RT @Jim_Jordan: Chuck Schumer will never pass up an opportunity to play partisan games.

RT @realDonaldTrump: The Wall Street Journal always “forgets” to mention that the ratings for the White House Press Briefings are “through…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great News: Prime Minister Boris Johnson has just been moved out of Intensive Care. Get well Boris!!!
RT @realDonaldTrump: On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the more than 500,000 American warriors captured while pr…
RT @Jim_Jordan: New transcripts show that James Comey’s FBI sought dirt on the Trump Campaign less than TWO WEEKS before the 2016 election.…
RT @Scavino45: 
RT @Scavino45: 
RT @USNavy: Superheroes exist in real life, for we walk among them! 

Shout out to all the dedicated health professionals and Sailors acros…
RT @DHS_Wolf: An international cargo plane landed at Louisville International Airport with crucial medical supplies destined for critical l…
RT @FEMA_Pete: Multiple #ProjectAirBridge flights arrived in Chicago, IL today & included:
 
• 49M+ gloves
• 507k+ gowns
• 8.7M+ masks
 
Th…
RT @UPS_News: FEMA’S ‘Project Airbridge’ Takes Flight With 25 @UPS Charter Flights, Dedicated @FEMA Distribution Center  - 
RT @USACEHQ: Fernanda Brooks, Navy Facilities Mid-Atlantic architect, assists Wayne Miller, @norfolkdistrict structural engineer, in a site…
RT @fema: We're working with partners to get medical supplies where they are needed by:

🔹 Making the best use of supplies at hand
🔹 Identi…
RT @NJNationalGuard: NJ National Guard aids in medical care: Col. Stephen McKenzie, a physician assistant with Joint Task Force-57 (JTF-57)…
RT @realDonaldTrump: This morning, 450,000 protective suits landed in Dallas, Texas. This was made possible because of the partnership of t…
RT @USACE_NY: Time-lapse footage shows efforts to convert sites at SUNY Old Westbury into an alternate care facility.1020 beds for various…
RT @USACE_NY: The New York District, in conjunction with state, federal and local partners, is constructing an alternate care facility for…
....We will always be there for our Great Farmers, Cattlemen, Ranchers, and Producers!
I have directed @SecretarySonny to expedite help to our farmers, especially to the smaller farmers who are hurting right now. I expect Secretary Purdue to use all of the funds and authorities at his disposal to make sure that our food supply is stable, strong, and safe....
RT @WhiteHouse: Project Air Bridge—a sweeping operation to keep doctors and nurses supplied with protective equipment—has completed more th…
RT @WhiteHouse: "Let me begin by expressing my sincere gratitude to the American people. Millions of Americans are making profound and diff…
RT @WhiteHouse: Our great American medical system continues to go above and beyond the call of duty. 🇺🇸 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
The Wall Street Journal always “forgets” to mention that the ratings for the White House Press Briefings are “through the roof” (Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale, according to @nytimes) & is only way for me to escape the Fake News & get my views across. WSJ is Fake News!
Great News: Prime Minister Boris Johnson has just been moved out of Intensive Care. Get well Boris!!!
On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the more than 500,000 American warriors captured while protecting our way of life. We pay tribute to these Patriots for their unwavering and unrelenting spirit! 
.@OANN  A key CoronaVirus Model is now predicting far fewer deaths than the number shown in earlier models. That’s because the American people are doing a great job. Social Distancing etc. Keep going!
Absentee Ballots are a great way to vote for the many senior citizens, military, and others who can’t get to the polls on Election Day. These ballots are very different from 100% Mail-In Voting, which is “RIPE for FRAUD,” and shouldn’t be allowed!
This morning, 450,000 protective suits landed in Dallas, Texas. This was made possible because of the partnership of two great American companies—DuPont and FedEx—and our friends in Vietnam. Thank you! @DuPont_News @FedEx 
RT @WhiteHouse: To date, we've shipped out more than 8,000 ventilators, have an additional 10,000 ready to go, and 2,200 more will be avail…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Wishing a HAPPY PASSOVER to those celebrating in the United States, Israel, and around the world! 
White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Extraordinary times require even closer cooperation between friends. Thank you India and the Indian people for the decision on HCQ. Will not be forgotten! Thank you Prime Minister @NarendraModi for your strong leadership in helping not just India, but humanity, in this fight!
Can’t see AOC plus 3 supporting Sleepy Joe!
Wow, Bernie is unwilling to give up his delegates, and wants more of them! What’s that all about?
Bernie Sanders is OUT! Thank you to Elizabeth Warren. If not for her, Bernie would have won almost every state on Super Tuesday! This ended just like the Democrats & the DNC wanted, same as the Crooked Hillary fiasco. The Bernie people should come to the Republican Party, TRADE!
FLATTENING OF THE CURVE!
Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNTRY, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the Invisible Enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM, perhaps like never before!!!
Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNYRY, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the Invisible Enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM, perhaps like never before!!!
...the Fake News Media into not covering them, but that effort failed because the ratings are through the roof according to, of all sources, the Failing New York Times, “Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale” type numbers (& sadly, they get it $FREE). Trump Derangement Syndrome!
The Radical Left Democrats have gone absolutely crazy that I am doing daily Presidential News Conferences. They actually want me to STOP! They used to complain that I am not doing enough of them, now they complain that I “shouldn’t be allowed to do them.” They tried to shame.....
Will be immediately sending 100 Ventilators to Colorado at the request of Senator Gardner! 
RT @AFP: Voicing joy and excitement from behind face masks, tens of thousands of people flee Wuhan after a 76-day travel ban is lifted on t…
RT @AP: The last restrictions on movement have been lifted in the central Chinese city where the coronavirus pandemic began. People are goi…
Republicans should fight very hard when it comes to state wide mail-in voting. Democrats are clamoring for it. Tremendous potential for voter fraud, and for whatever reason,  doesn’t work out well for Republicans. @foxandfriends
“The number of New Yorkers admitted to hospitals has dropped.” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  Good news!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Look forward to it.
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Look forward to it.
White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Just had a conf call w/ major lenders discussing our Great Small Businesses & the #PPPloan. I ask every company, big & small, making announcements about innovative contributions, hiring new workers, or looking to overcome setbacks to share your stories with #AmericaWorksTogether! 
Wisconsin, get out and vote NOW for Justice Daniel Kelly. Protect your 2nd Amendment!
Why didn’t the I.G., who spent 8 years with the Obama Administration (Did she Report on the failed H1N1 Swine Flu debacle where 17,000 people died?), want to talk to the Admirals, Generals, V.P. & others in charge, before doing her report. Another Fake Dossier!
The W.H.O. really blew it. For some reason, funded largely by the United States, yet very China centric. We will be giving that a good look. Fortunately I rejected their advice on keeping our borders open to China early on. Why did they give us such a faulty recommendation?
RT @AmberSmithUSA: President Trump 'to get involved' in Thomas Modly-Capt. Brett Crozier dispute  
Vote today, Tuesday, for highly respected Republican, Justice Daniel Kelly. Tough on Crime, loves your Military, Vets, Farmers, & will save your 2nd Amendment. A BIG VOTE! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congratulations to State Representative Karen Whitsett of Michigan. So glad you are getting better! 
Great job being done by Dr. Nicole Saphier on @FoxNews!
The Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled that tomorrow’s election will proceed as scheduled. VOTE for Justice Daniel Kelly tomorrow, and be safe! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
White House news conference at 5:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Congratulations to State Representative Karen Whitsett of Michigan. So glad you are getting better! 
Joe Biden wanted the date for the Democrat National Convention moved to a later time period. Now he wants a “Virtual” Convention, one where he doesn’t have to show up. Gee, I wonder why? Also, what ever happened to that phone call he told the Fake News he wanted to make to me?
RT @realDonaldTrump: Advertising in the Failing New York Times is WAY down. Washington Post is not much better. I can’t say whether this is…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump expressed America's well wishes to Prime Minister Boris Johnson for a speedy recovery. 
RT @KatrinaPierson: Starting TONIGHT! 

@TeamTrump #WarRoomWeekly

Following the @realDonaldTrump Covid-19 update!! 

#KAG2020 🇺🇸
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Take a look back and RT what the liberal media and Joe Biden said about President Trump's aggressive, early response to…
Advertising in the Failing New York Times is WAY down. Washington Post is not much better. I can’t say whether this is because they are Fake News sources of information, to a level that few can understand, or the Virus is just plain beating them up. Fake News is bad for America!
RT @yaneerbaryam: BREAKING: Coronavirus Outbreak. Good news on multiple fronts

US today now at 23,373, yesterday at this time was 30,571.…
RT @mattgaetz: So dumbfounded that the Democrats would rather revert to subpoenas than find solutions to the unprecedented crisis we are wo…
RT @RepRatcliffe: I don't know anyone in the last three years who has done more to help Vladimir Putin and Russia with their efforts to sow…
LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL!
USA STRONG!
Thank you Gayle. I only wish the public could fully understand how corrupt & dishonest so much of our Lamestream Media is. My Press Conferences are vital. They are reaching millions of people that are not being told the truth, & haven’t been for years (Witch-Hunts, Fake News)! 
For humanitarian reasons, the passengers from the two CoronaVirus stricken cruise ships have been given medical treatment and, when appropriate, allowed to disembark, under strict supervision. Very carefully done. People we’re dying & no other countries would allow them to dock!
.@gayletrotter  “To this day the establishment media have not admitted that they were wrong and the President was right.” @FoxNews
White House news conference at 6:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
We are learning much about the Invisible Enemy. It is tough and smart, but we are tougher and smarter!
I will be having a White House CoronaVirus Task Force meeting in a short while. May or may not do a News Conference after the meeting, depending on new information. Talks & meetings today are proving promising, but a rough two weeks are coming up!
Thank you Gayle! 
RT @MediaBuzzFNC: .@gayletrotter said "President Trump disrupts the media narrative so CNN and MSNBC don't want to cover it live and straig…
RT @MediaBuzzFNC: .@gayletrotter said "the establishment media have not admitted that they were wrong and the president was right" for bann…
I agree! 
A very biased “journalist”. 
A great & wonderful woman! 
RT @ScottGottliebMD: Parts of Florida, including Miami, are becoming a major epicenter of #COVID19 spread; with cases doubling every 3.5 to…
RT @ScottGottliebMD: Encouraging signs #COVID19 spread may be slowing in many cities, especially northeast. Mitigation is working. New case…
Corrected Fake News! 
RT @AGHamilton29: Absolutely sickening that the Washington Post published this puff piece glorifying a vicious anti-Semite. 

Not only did…
RT @BorisJohnson: Thank you to everyone who is saving lives by staying at home this weekend. 

I know it's tough, but if we all work togeth…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Palm Sunday is the beginning of a Holy week for many people of Faith and a great day to lift our voices in Prayer. I w…
RT @TimBurt: Psalm 33:18-20 "But the LORD watches over those who fear him, those who rely on his unfailing love. 
 He rescues them from dea…
RT @PastorJohnHagee: Where do you go when the storms of life are greater than what you can endure and when the winds and the waves are crus…
RT @SandiHKaye: “And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the Son of David: Blessed is he that com…
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @DanScavino: Meet NYC Landlord, #SuperMario! 
RT @Scavino45: 
RT @RealMattCouch: BREAKING: Joe Rogan says "I'd vote for Trump over Biden. " 

Liberal heads explode in 3...2...1...
RT @RealSaavedra: Joe Rogan on the 2020 election: “This is the real issue with the Democratic Party. They’ve essentially made us all morons…
RT @realDailyWire: Joe Rogan On 2020 Election: I Would ‘Rather Vote For Trump’ Over Biden, Biden Can’t Handle Anything 
RT @OANN: RNC Chairwoman Praises President Trump’s Virus Response

RT @OANN: Joe Rogan: I’d Rather Vote For President Trump Than Biden

RT @OANN: Santilli: ‘I credit my life being saved’ to President Trump and COVID-19... 
RT @OANN: Hydroxychloroquine proving an effective treatment for coronavirus patien... 
RT @TeamTrump: Throughout the #Coronavirus Crisis, most of the media is doing what they do best: Looking bad.

President @realDonaldTrump i…
RT @GOPChairwoman: “Every decision that we’re making is made to save lives. It’s really our sole consideration.” -- @realDonaldTrump 
RT @IngrahamAngle: “We’ve got to get this country open again,” @realDonaldTrump said in response to more questions about need for more aggr…
RT @TeamTrump: It took TWO MONTHS for Joe Biden to finally admit that President @realDonaldTrump's decision to restrict travel from China w…
He wants to raise taxes all over our Country! 
RT @KatrinaPierson: Thread
RT @SebGorka: Didn’t @realDonaldTrump say something about that?
Disgraceful! 
RT @ByronYork: From @USATODAY: 'Fact check: Did the Obama administration deplete the federal stockpile of N95 masks?' Verdict: 'True.' http…
RT @KatrinaPierson: President @realDonaldTrump knows more than anyone that small business are the backbone of our economy. 

TODAY is the f…
Palm Sunday is the beginning of a Holy week for many people of Faith and a great day to lift our voices in Prayer. I will be tuning into Pastor @greglaurie at @harvestorg Church in Riverside, California tomorrow at 11:00 A.M. Eastern. 
RT @WhiteHouse: We will use every possible resource to end this war and open our country again. 
RT @WhiteHouse: THANK YOU to our doctors, nurses, medical professionals, and the food supply workers who are feeding our Nation. 🇺🇸 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
....We will get through this together, and bats will be swinging before you know it. In the meantime, take care of mom and dad, and know that this will not be forever! @littleleagueceo
To all of our youth who are missing the start of their @LittleLeague seasons, hang in there! We will get you back out on the fields, and know that you will be playing baseball soon....
The Paycheck Protection Program is up and running! The program is open to nonprofits as well, so banks be sure to sign up our Great Religious and Veteran Organizations that need help!
America owes our very hard working food supply workers so much as they produce and deliver high quality food for us during this horrible COVID-19. Join me in thanking our Farmers, Ranchers, Processors, Distributors and Stores! @JohnBoozman
I will be holding a News Conference at 3:30 P.M. at the White House. Thank you!
.@CNN is Fake News. They will take a good story and make it as bad as is humanly possible. They are a JOKE!
Good idea Dana! 
RT @DanaPerino: Our surgeon general @JeromeAdamsMD is a very good communicator. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
RT @BrandonStraka: I started #WalkAway w no money. No political connections. No media contacts. Only an idea 2 create a movement 2 free ppl…
RT @jsolomonReports: Extraordinary interview with Rep. ⁦@Jim_Jordan⁩ about FISA abuses, FBI failures and where John Durham might end up.  h…
Great! 
RT @jsolomonReports: Congrats Sharyl for getting this correction . It was a shameful and erroneous attack.
RT @jsolomonReports: Mueller’s hidden evidence: Translator exonerated Don Jr. in Trump Tower meeting. Belatedly released FBI memos debunk o…
RT @jsolomonReports: Hydroxychloroquine rated top drug by doctors on front line of COVID-19 who also fear a second wave 
RT @jsolomonReports: Trump makes more recommendations for nursing homes, where deadly coronavirus spread rapidly 
RT @jsolomonReports: Breaking: FISA court orders FBI to determine if misleading warrants need to be invalidated 
RT @jsolomonReports: Trump names White House lawyer to be watchdog over coronavirus bailout money 
I agree with this. Watch! 
RT @BrookeSingman: EXCLUSIVE: @realDonaldTrump's campaign has been quietly calling local restaurants and ordering large amounts of food to…
RT @IWF: 🤦‍♀️ @SpeakerPelosi is setting up a NEW House committee to investigate President Trump in the midst of the #COVID19 pandemic. 

Ju…
RT @LisaMarieBoothe: My latest colum for @thehill. 

How deadly is the coronavirus?  
I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the #PPPloan if the allocated money runs out. So far, way ahead of schedule. @BankofAmerica & community banks are rocking! @SBAgov @USTreasury
I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the @ppploan if the allocated money runs out. So far, way ahead of schedule. @BankofAmerica & community banks are rocking! @SBAgov @USTreasury
RT @IvankaTrump: Great reconnecting with President Kaljulaid of Estonia.  Her leadership and innovativeness is truly admirable! 
I fully agree! 
RT @AdrianaCohen16: 
RT @senrobportman: I couldn’t agree more! Our National Parks are national treasures. This legislation will ensure they are preserved and pr…
RT @SenCapito: Proud co-sponsor of this important conservation legislation that helps keep West Virginia #WildAndWonderful. #LWCF
RT @realDonaldTrump: THE UNITED STATES LOVES ITALY! 
RT @IvankaTrump: Farmers Feed America! 

Thank you to all the nation’s unsung heroes! 🇺🇸
RT @PressSec: President @realDonaldTrump spoke earlier with the @FitnessGov (including @IvankaTrump, Bill Belichick, @MarianoRivera, @Hersc…
Thank you Cory! 
RT @IvankaTrump: Social Distancing Works! 

Stay Safe and Be Kind. ❤️ #TogetherApart 
RT @FitnessGov: Pentacampeón de las Grandes Ligas de Béisbol (MLB) y Co-Presidente de @FitnessGov @MarianoRivera tiene el siguiente mensaje…
RT @IvankaTrump: My OpEd on how we are supporting America’s great small businesses and workers during the #COVID19 health care crisis: http…
RT @IvankaTrump: They go to work for us, stay home for them. #NationalDoctorsDay #TogetherApart ❣️ 
RT @IvankaTrump: Effective immediately, Brooks Brothers will produce 150,000 masks per day to protect those on the frontlines battling the…
RT @IvankaTrump: Listen to Coach Belichick.  Shelter in place and save lives! #TogetherApart
RT @IvankaTrump: Love this @Benioff 👏👏👏
RT @Surgeon_General: #TogetherApart we can slow the spread of #COVID19. 
RT @GOP: "The states should know how many ventilators they have in their state…This is a time of crisis, and you're seeing certain people a…
RT @stevenmnuchin1: #PPPloan UPDATE $400,000,000 originated. Thank you #communitybank #largebanks @SBAgov @USTreasury #CARESAct #SmallBusin…
RT @IvankaTrump: Bill Withers, one of the absolute all-time greats has passed. 

There is no more appropriate time to reflect on his words…
RT @IvankaTrump: PLEASE SHARE - Fees are fraud 

#SmallBusinessRelief @SBAgov
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Paycheck Protection Program is now available! #CARESAct

Small Business Guidance & Loan Resources: 
RT @IvankaTrump: Latest: Day 1 
#PaycheckProtectionProgram numbers: 6,820 loans valued at more than $2,200,000,000. 

Are you a small busin…
RT @IvankaTrump: Our Nation’s small businesses are the backbone of our economy & we are working hard to get them quick relief thru the #Pay…
RT @SBAJovita: UPDATE – At least 9,970 loans have been processed; $3,200,000,000+ originated. #CARESAct & #PaycheckProtectionProgram offers…
RT @WhiteHouse: "America is engaged in a historic battle to safeguard the lives of our citizens." 
RT @WhiteHouse: Our hearts go out to the communities hardest hit by the Coronavirus—and we salute the great medical professionals on the fr…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Great job being done by @BankofAmerica and many community banks throughout the country. Small businesses appreciate your work!
The Paycheck Protection Program is now available! #CARESAct

Small Business Guidance & Loan Resources: 
Thank you @DeptofDefense, @USACEHQ, @USNationalGuard, @FEMA, and @CDCgov! 
Thank you @USNationalGuard, keep up the great work! 
GREAT news this week regarding the Keystone XL Pipeline – moving forward with fantastic paying CONSTRUCTION jobs for hardworking Americans. Promises Made, Promises Kept! #MAGA
Highly respected Justice Daniel Kelly is running for the Supreme Court in the Great State of Wisconsin. Justice Kelly has been doing a terrific job upholding the Rule of Law and defending your #2A. Tough on Crime, Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete Endorsement!
RT @SBAgov: 🚨STAY VIGILANT 🚨

There’s no fee to apply for a #PaycheckProtectionProgram loan. Be aware of fraudulent actors who may charge p…
RT @SBAgov: #COVID19 UPDATE: Small businesses can now apply for the #PaycheckProtectionProgram. The program is designed to keep small busin…
We hit 3M hard today after seeing what they were doing with their Masks. “P Act” all the way. Big surprise to many in government as to what they were doing - will have a big price to pay!
RT @WhiteHouse: .@SBAJovita: "The President has put the Nation's 30 million small businesses front and center in the response effort." http…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD 
.....Could be as high as 15 Million Barrels. Good (GREAT) news for everyone!
Just spoke to my friend MBS (Crown Prince) of Saudi Arabia, who spoke with President Putin of Russia, & I expect & hope that they will be cutting back approximately 10 Million Barrels, and maybe substantially more which, if it happens, will be GREAT for the oil & gas industry!
“The States have to get the money to the people who need it.” @MariaBartiromo  And FAST!
RT @parscale: 💯 

Great idea!
RT @ericbolling: Mr. President 
With total respect and recognizing you are doing more than any President has .. Please have @stevenmnuchin1…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Great to hear! CA’s Gov Newsom about @realDonaldTrump

“Let me just be candid with you. I’d be lying to you to say that…
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump doesn’t care if you’re a Democrat or a Republican.
 
He has shown he is willing to work with everyone,…
RT @GOPChairwoman: “The last time America faced an economic downturn, Michigan suffered mightily. @realDonaldTrump is working overtime to m…
RT @nickmalinowskii: A big thanks to all the workers of ups, usps, Amazon, etc. who are still going to work every day risking their health…
....have been stocked up and ready long before this crisis hit. Other states are thrilled with the job we have done. Sending many Ventilators today, with thousands being built. 51 large cargo planes coming in with medical supplies. Prefer sending directly to hospitals.
Massive amounts of medical supplies, even hospitals and medical centers, are being delivered directly to states and hospitals by the Federal Government. Some have insatiable appetites & are never satisfied (politics?). Remember, we are a backup for them. The complainers should...
Somebody please explain to Cryin’ Chuck Schumer that we do have a military man in charge of distributing goods, a very talented Admiral, in fact. New York has gotten far more than any other State, including hospitals & a hospital ship, but no matter what, always complaining.....
...It wouldn’t matter if you got ten times what was needed, it would never be good enough. Unlike other states, New York unfortunately got off to a late start. You should have pushed harder. Stop complaining & find out where all of these supplies are going. Cuomo working hard!
RT @WhiteHouse: We are leveraging the incredible power of American manufacturers and suppliers to make, procure, and deliver crucial medica…
RT @WhiteHouse: “We're at war with COVID-19, we're at war with terrorists, and we are at war with the drug cartels . . . We're the United S…
RT @WhiteHouse: We are fighting the Coronavirus on every possible front—and we will achieve total victory with the help of the American peo…
Upon information and belief, Iran or its proxies are planning a sneak attack on U.S. troops and/or assets in Iraq. If this happens, Iran will pay a very heavy price, indeed!
Congress must pass the old, and very strongly proven, deductibility by businesses on restaurants and entertainment. This will bring restaurants, and everything related, back - and stronger than ever. Move quickly, they will all be saved!
30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD
#COVIDー19 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Great work @AtlasAirWW, thank you! 
Will be starting The White House news conference at 5:15 P.M. Eastern.
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3500, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Positive impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
My Administration is helping U.S. auto workers by replacing the failed Obama Emissions Rule. Impossible to satisfy its Green New Deal Standard; Lots of unnecessary and expensive penalties to car buyers!
Great news! American families will now be able to buy safer, more affordable, and environmentally friendly cars with our new SAFE VEHICLES RULE. Get rid of those old, unsafe clunkers. Build better and safer American cars and create American jobs. Buy American!
RT @realDonaldTrump: With interest rates for the United States being at ZERO, this is the time to do our decades long awaited Infrastructur…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I watched a portion of low rated (very) Morning Psycho (Joe) this Morning in order to see what Nancy Pelosi had to say…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @CHIZMAGA: Donald Trump donated his salary to fight the virus, Nancy Pelosi asked for a raise.

This is all you really need to know.
RT @RudyGiuliani: A great comfort to the City during 9/11. It is once again a great comfort. Thank you ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩. 
RT @charliekirk11: Does anyone else find it strange:

Just three days after Attorney General Barr announces the DOJ will prosecute hoarders…
RT @TrumpWarRoom: WATCH: Despite looking down at his notes during his TV interview, Joe Biden was still unable to make any sense. 
RT @kayleighmcenany: BOOM: @realDonaldTrump obliterates CNN ⬇️

"I want to keep the country calm."

The coronavirus "will go away."

"We're…
RT @Jim_Jordan: Congratulations to @MarkMeadows.

Mark is a dedicated public servant. 

He'll do a great job for President Trump and our co…
RT @Scavino45: 🚨@Ford to produce 50,000 ventilators in Michigan in next 100 days; partnering with @GEHealthcare
#COVID19 #COVID19Updates
ht…
RT @realDonaldTrump: On #NationalDoctorsDay, we recognize the remarkable men & women who treat their fellow Americans, find cures for the d…
RT @RepMattGaetz: Our doctors and healthcare professionals are on the front lines of the coronavirus pandemic. Our prayers are with you as…
Thank you Mike! 
RT @dbongino: Cuomo: People are stealing medical supplies from hospitals
Trump: People are stealing medical supplies from hospitals
Cuomo:…
With interest rates for the United States being at ZERO, this is the time to do our decades long awaited Infrastructure Bill. It should be VERY BIG & BOLD, Two Trillion Dollars, and be focused solely on jobs and rebuilding the once great infrastructure of our Country! Phase 4
I watched a portion of low rated (very) Morning Psycho (Joe) this Morning in order to see what Nancy Pelosi had to say, & what moves she was planning to further hurt our Country. Actually, other than her usual complaining that I’m a terrible person, she wasn’t bad. Still praying!
“New York Governor Cuomo says President Trump has been “very helpful.” @foxandfriends  Thank you, everybody is working very hard!
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
White House news conference at 5:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
On #NationalDoctorsDay, we recognize the remarkable men & women who treat their fellow Americans, find cures for the diseases & illnesses we face, and never waver in their efforts to treat every patient with the dignity, respect, and empathy they deserve. 
RT @DeptofDefense: LIVE: #USNSComfort arrives in New York in support of the DOD’s #COVID19 response efforts. (no sound) 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: “We’re all in this together. I have never seen anything like it.” 
RT @GOPChairwoman: FEMA and @realDonaldTrump’s administration are making sure we have the supplies we need to confront coronavirus. 
Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats delayed the Workers Help/Stimulus Bill by over a week, trying to add real “junk” into the Bill. Got some bad things, having nothing to do with those affected by the Virus, included. Republicans need their votes until we WIN BACK THE HOUSE IN 2020!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:55 A.M. USA STRONG!
Thank you Dr. Hahn & the FDA for your fast approval of this respected Ohio company recommended by Governor @MikeDeWine. Great potential! 
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:55 A.M. USA STRONG!
RT @SteveFDA: We issued a new authorization this evening to @Battelle for their decontamination system. @US_FDA staff have been working non…
RT @GovMikeDeWine: Thank you @realDonaldTrump and @SteveFDA! 
@US_FDA has now given Columbus-based @Battelle full approval of the use of ne…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Will be starting The White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern.
So proud of the @USACEHQ, @FEMA, and the Federal Government for the 2,900 bed hospital they built in 4 days (way ahead of schedule) in the Javits Center for NY. We are now moving the teams to join others so they can continue to build more hospitals/beds. Keep up the GREAT WORK!
Thank you very much to Ken Langone for being a great American and for your wonderful comments on @TeamCavuto.
I am a great friend and admirer of the Queen & the United Kingdom. It was reported that Harry and Meghan, who left the Kingdom, would reside permanently in Canada. Now they have left Canada for the U.S. however, the U.S. will not pay for their security protection. They must pay!
Happy National Vietnam War Veterans Day to all of our Vietnam era Veterans. You have earned our gratitude and thanks by your actions years ago and what you have done since returning home. The Nation thanks you and your families for your service and sacrifice. We love you! 
...The CBS News poll said 13 percent of Republicans trusted the news media for information about the virus.” Michael M. Grynbaum @NYTimes
...On Monday, nearly 12.2 million people watched Mr. Trump’s briefing on CNN, Fox News and MSNBC, according to Nielsen — ‘Monday Night Football’ numbers. Millions more are watching on ABC, CBS, NBC and online streaming sites, and the audience is expanding. On Monday, Fox News...
...alone attracted 6.2 million viewers for the president’s briefing — an astounding number for a 6 p.m. cable broadcast, more akin to the viewership for a popular prime-time sitcom...
“President Trump is a ratings hit. Since reviving the daily White House briefing Mr. Trump and his coronavirus updates have attracted an average audience of 8.5 million on cable news, roughly the viewership of the season finale of ‘The Bachelor.’ Numbers are continuing to rise...
Because the “Ratings” of my News Conferences etc. are so high, “Bachelor finale, Monday Night Football type numbers” according to the @nytimes, the Lamestream Media is going CRAZY. “Trump is reaching too many people, we must stop him.” said one lunatic. See you at 5:00 P.M.!
Polls are showing tremendous disapproval of Lamestream Media coverage of the Virus crisis. The Fake News just hasn’t figured that out yet!
The Lamestream Media wants us to fail. That will NEVER happen!
RT @realDonaldTrump: With the courage of our doctors and nurses, with the skill of our scientists and innovators, with the determination of…
RT @WhiteHouse: This afternoon, President @realDonaldTrump will deliver remarks at the Naval Station Norfolk send-off for the #USNSComfort.…
RT @Scavino45: Air Force One landing in Virginia... 
RT @WhiteHouse: To support the hundreds of millions of Americans making tremendous sacrifices on the home front, President @realDonaldTrump…
RT @GOPChairwoman: “Our country is at war with an invisible enemy. We are marshaling the full power of the American nation… [The USNS Comfo…
RT @WhiteHouse: “This great ship behind me is a 70,000-ton message of hope and solidarity to the incredible people of New York.” — Presiden…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Great advice for America’s children! 
RT @IngrahamAngle: Smart that @realDonaldTrump looked at the data, accurate projections, and nixed the horrid idea of a federal quarantine…
RT @GOPChairwoman: The enemy may be invisible, but @realDonaldTrump is fighting a war against this crisis.
 
His leadership is all the more…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Pelosi can't get away with rewriting history.

In January, Democrats were all-consumed with a bogus impeachment.

What w…
Hope the FDA can approve Mask Sterilization equipment ASAP. As per Governor @MikeDeWine, there is a company in Ohio, @Battelle, which has equipment that can sterilize masks quickly.
“With the Tax Cuts and new Trade Deals, we were set for a tremendous growth rate this year.... and then the Virus came along.” @larry_kudlow  @MariaBartiromo We were breaking all records, especially on employment. It will all come roaring back again, and fast!
RT @Battelle: Coronavirus In Ohio: @Battelle Pioneers Technology To Clean And Reuse PPE | @WOSU Radio

Highly recommended by Governor @MikeDeWine of Ohio. @FDA must move quickly! 
RT @VaticanNews: #PopeFrancis delivers an extraordinary blessing “To the City and to the World” to pray for an end to the Covid-19 #coronav…
RT @GovRonDeSantis: The firing of Andrew McCabe is a rare example of someone being held accountable in Washington.  I hope the IG issues hi…
RT @Jrock41S: @freep Albom's softball interview with Whitmer this past Friday (AM 760 WJR) was horrific.  Wasn't sure what was more disturb…
Will be doing a press conference today at 5:00 P.M. The White House. People are working harder than I have ever seen people work. It is a beautiful thing to watch!
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @SenKevinCramer: Thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump for signing the CARES Act right away and for your leadership throughout this entire p…
RT @Scavino45: “The ship behind me is a 70,000 ton msg of hope & solidarity to the incredible people of NY: we are here for you, we are fig…
RT @CDCDirector: Domestic Travel Advisory: Due to extensive community transmission of #COVID19 in New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut, CD…
....Federal Government. A quarantine will not be necessary. Full details will be released by CDC tonight. Thank you!
On the recommendation of the White House CoronaVirus Task Force, and upon consultation with the Governor’s of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, I have asked the @CDCgov to issue a strong Travel Advisory, to be administered by the Governors, in consultation with the....
With the courage of our doctors and nurses, with the skill of our scientists and innovators, with the determination of the American People, and with the grace of God, WE WILL WIN THIS WAR. When we achieve this victory, we will emerge stronger and more united than ever before! 
RT @USNavy: "We will stop at nothing to protect the people of our country." - @POTUS 

#COVID19 #USNavyAlwaysThere 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump at Send-Off for USNS Comfort 
I am giving consideration to a QUARANTINE of developing “hot spots”, New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. A decision will be made, one way or another, shortly.
Heading to the Great State of Virginia now, will be there shortly. The #USNSComfort is “loaded to the gills” at Naval Station Norfolk, departing for New York City this afternoon. 
....very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources, very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that, the media would be trusted again, and Fake News would largely be a thing of the past!
....very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources, very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that, the media would be trusted again, and Fake News would largely be a thing if the past!
One of the reasons that Fake News has become so prevalent & far reaching is the fact that corrupt “journalists” base their stories on SOURCES that they make up in order to totally distort a narrative or story. When you see, “five sources say”, don’t believe the story, it is....
So much of the Lamestream Media is writing and broadcasting stories with facts that are made up and knowingly wrong. They are doing it by quoting unnamed sources that simply do not exist. These are very dangerous & corrupt people, who will do anything to win. NAME YOUR SOURCES!
Thank you James! 
RT @LaraLeaTrump: Awesome to see our team still working hard for @realDonaldTrump  — stay safe everybody! 🇺🇸
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump signs coronavirus relief CARES Act!
 
RT @Mike_Pence: Today, President @realDonaldTrump signed into the law the #CARESAct which will help small businesses stay open, help worker…
RT @IvankaTrump: Today President @realDonaldTrump signed the #CARESAct,the single largest economic relief package in 🇺🇸history. POTUS has &…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump’s message to Young Americans: You are a citizen of the greatest country anywhere in the world, we…
RT @IngrahamAngle: They’re not happy because ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is speaking directly to American people during a crisis and getting strong…
RT @GeraldoRivera: Trump-haters clearly  frustrated that the American people-many of whom did not vote for him-approve of the epic job @rea…
More Fake News! 
RT @BrandonBeckham_: @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸 We've seen the greatest mobilization of industry since World War II

President @realDonaldTrump is…
Such Fake reporting by the @nytimes, @washingtonpost, @CNN & others. They use a small portion of a sentence out of a full paragraph in order to demean. They really are corrupt and disgusting. No wonder the media is, according to polls, record setting low & untrusted.  #MAGA
RT @WhiteHouse: "My Administration is actively planning the next phase in an all-out war against this horrible virus." 
RT @USNavy: Answering the call, it's what we do. 

#USNSMercy Arrives in Los Angeles in #COVID19 response - 
I love Michigan, one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor, Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her head, she doesn’t have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude! #MAGA
I love Michigan, one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor, Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her ahead, she doesn’t have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude! #MAGA
She is a third rate reporter who has nothing going. A Fake News “journalist”. 
RT @alx: TRUMP: “The Media and Governors should appreciate it.. When they’re not appreciative of me, they are not appreciative to the Army…
RT @alx: How is that any different than what Hannity has said?

Neither said anything wrong. They did not call Coronavirus a Hoax or Scam,…
RT @alx: FOX Business Network Fires @trish_regan for Telling the Truth About How Liberal Media Was Using Coronavirus to Take Down Trump 

-…
RT @toddstarnes: Can't say enough wonderful things about @trish_regan - one of the few conservatives in cable television. She's a great pat…
We are marshalling the full power of government and society to achieve victory over the virus. Together, we will endure, we will prevail, and we will WIN! #CARESAct 
RT @SenateGOP: 🚨 Help is on the way. 🚨

President @realdonaldtrump just SIGNED the Coronavirus Aid, Relief & Economic Security Act into law…
I just signed the CARES Act, the single biggest economic relief package in American History – twice as large as any relief bill ever enacted. At $2.2 Trillion Dollars, this bill will deliver urgently-needed relief for our nation’s families, workers, and businesses. #CARESAct🇺🇸 
News conference live from the @WhiteHouse today. 5:30 P.M. Eastern!
Thank you to Rachel @Maddow for putting our Military on full display, and showing how GREAT a job the Federal Government is doing! Also, a special thanks to General Semonite, a Patriot of the highest order and a truly talented engineer and builder! 
News conference live from the @WhiteHouse today. 5:00 P.M. Eastern!
Will be signing the CARE Act in the Oval Office today at 4:00 P.M. Eastern! 
RT @SECNAV: Today #USNSMercy arrived @PortofLA to serve as a referral hospital for patients not infected with #COVID19 - handling overflow…
RT @WhiteHouse: Huge thanks to @Apple! Together with the White House, @CDCgov & @fema, Apple launched a COVID19 screening tool that guides…
Never knew John Kerry had such a good sense of humor! Very impressed! 
Thousand of Federal Government (delivered) Ventilators found in New York storage. N.Y. must distribute NOW!
Will someone please explain to the Fake News New York Times (ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT) that the Democrats make it almost impossible for us to fill positions within government. They “maximum” delay even the best candidates, including Judges, leaving little time!
We have just purchased many Ventilators from some wonderful companies. Names and numbers will be announced later today!
Invoke “P” means Defense Production Act!
General Motors MUST immediately open their stupidly abandoned Lordstown plant in Ohio, or some other plant, and START MAKING VENTILATORS, NOW!!!!!!  FORD, GET GOING ON VENTILATORS, FAST!!!!!!  @GeneralMotors  @Ford
As usual with “this” General Motors, things just never seem to work out. They said they were going to give us 40,000 much needed Ventilators, “very quickly”. Now they are saying it will only be 6000, in late April, and they want top dollar. Always a mess with Mary B. Invoke “P”.
Thank you Byron. Many polls are much better than this. If it is the Fake News @washingtonpost, add 10 points! 
By empowering the Radical Left Democrats, do nothing Kentucky politician @RepThomasMassie is making their War on the 2nd Amendment more and more difficult to win (But don’t worry, we will win anyway!). He is a disaster for America, and for the Great State of Kentucky!
...& costly. Workers & small businesses need money now in order to survive. Virus wasn’t their fault. It is “HELL” dealing with the Dems, had to give up some stupid things in order to get the “big picture” done. 90% GREAT! WIN BACK HOUSE, but throw Massie out of Republican Party!
Looks like a third rate Grandstander named @RepThomasMassie, a Congressman from, unfortunately, a truly GREAT State, Kentucky, wants to vote against the new Save Our Workers Bill in Congress. He just wants the publicity. He can’t stop it, only delay, which is both dangerous......
Just finished a very good conversation with President Xi of China. Discussed in great detail the CoronaVirus that is ravaging large parts of our Planet. China has been through much & has developed a strong understanding of the Virus. We are working closely together. Much respect!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity at 9:10 P.M. @FoxNews
The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN! 
Our great Oil & Gas industry is under under seige after having one of the best years in recorded history. It will get better than ever as soon as our Country starts up again. Vital that it does for our National Security!
RT @WhiteHouse: Thank you to the American People for continuing to practice social distancing. 

By staying home, you are saving lives. htt…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Will be going out in 10 minutes for the press conference.
RT @MLB: Even though we’re apart, we can come together. #OpeningDayAtHome 
I will be doing a News Conference live from the @WhiteHouse at 5:00 P.M. (Eastern) to discuss the mtg of the G20 Leaders that took place this morning at 7:55 A.M. by World Teleconference. Also, my 12:00 P.M. Teleconference call w/50 Governors, plus Territories, will be discussed.
96-0 in the United States Senate. Congratulations AMERICA!
....I have been packed all day with meetings, I have no time for stupidity. We’re working around the clock to KEEP AMERICA SAFE!
I hear that Fake News CNN just reported that I am isolated in the White House, wondering out loud, “when will life return to normal?” Does anybody really believe that? There was no leak, they made it up – they are CORRUPT & FAKE NEWS....
The LameStream Media is the dominant force in trying to get me to keep our Country closed as long as possible in the hope that it will be detrimental to my election success. The real people want to get back to work ASAP.  We will be stronger than ever before!
Today is National #MedalofHonorDay. Join me in a #MomentofHonor to remember those who have earned our Nation's highest award for valor in combat. The Nation is eternally grateful to these patriots who so valiantly fought for America’s values and the American way of life! 
Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and the IOC, on their very wise decision to present the Olympics in 2021. It will be a great success, and I look forward to being there!
The four hospitals that we (FEMA) are building in NYC at the Javits Convention Center are moving along very well, ahead of schedule. Many additional ventilators also delivered. Good conversation with Governor Cuomo!
Just reported that the United States has done far more “testing” than any other nation, by far! In fact, over an eight day span, the United States now does more testing than what South Korea (which has been a very successful tester) does over an eight week span. Great job!
RT @DanScavino: #WashYourHands #SlowTheSpread
#COVIDー19🌐
The Democrat’s Best & Finest! 
RT @LouDobbs: Gallup poll shows strong 60% approval of President @realDonaldTrump's handling of Virus Crisis:   Overall Job Approval Rating…
RT @GreggJarrett: ‘Ya gotta admire the hypocrisy (and stupidity) of Adam Schiff. It’s okay for him to assert a government privilege. But wh…
RT @GreggJarrett: There’s a lot of mud on Robert Mueller’s face these days.  His mug is caked with it. 
RT @GreggJarrett: Trump: Auto Manufacturers Given OK to Produce Much Needed Ventilators 
Gee, that’s too bad. Such a fine guy. Presidential aspirations you know! 
RT @GreggJarrett: Can We Trust China to Ban Wet Markets? 
RT @GreggJarrett: Mainstream Media Got Caught Changing Headline to Favor Dems…TWICE 
RT @GreggJarrett: Why did NPR only pick the low end to “fact check” Trump, while ignoring the high end?  The Washington Post split the diff…
This is really great news! I am so happy I can barely speak. He may have been a terrible presidential candidate and an even worse U.S. Senator, but he is a RINO, and I like him a lot! 
RT @BreitbartNews: The corporate media isn't going to like this. 
RT @BreitbartNews: Snowflakes are scampering to their crying circles and clutching their emotional support puppies over this. 
RT @BreitbartNews: “We should never be reliant on a foreign country for the means of our own survival.” 
RT @BreitbartNews: The Establishment Media's Trump Derangement Syndrome hits a new low. 
RT @BreitbartNews: "This crisis has underscored just how critical it is to have strong borders and a robust manufacturing sector." 
RT @LouDobbs: ⁦Real leadership: @realDonaldTrump⁩ says there's 'light at the end of the tunnel' as White House pitches $6T coronavirus stim…
RT @Scavino45: 🚨BREAKING NEWS🚨
RT @thehill: #BREAKING: Overnight White House, Senate reach deal on $2 trillion stimulus package 
RT @Uncle_Muscle: BREAKING OVERNIGHT

While you all slept, operation Trumpbux has been initiated. 
I am working very hard to help New York City & State. Dealing with both Mayor & Governor and producing tremendously for them, including four new medical centers and four new hospitals. Fake News that I won’t help them because I don’t like Cuomo (I do). Just sent 4000 ventilators!
RT @JPN_PMO: After his telephone talks with IOC President Bach, PM Abe spoke to the press and explained that the two have agreed that the T…
“President Trump’s decision to very early on restrict travel from China saved tens of thousands of lives.”  @LouDobbs @FoxBusiness
TOGETHER, WE WILL PREVAIL! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
RT @USNavy: Underway - Steaming to Assist!
#USNSMercy departs Naval Base San Diego in support of the nation's #COVID19 response efforts. 
R…
RT @USNavy: USNS Mercy is underway.

Check out this infographic to learn about the capabilities of #USNavy Hospital Ships, #USNSComfort and…
RT @WhiteHouse: Small businesses power our economy—and President Trump won't let them weather this alone. 
Price transparency is so important for the people of our Country. In many ways, it will prove to be as important as healthcare itself. A great issue for both Republicans and Democrats. Hopefully it will be approved!
Will be doing a Town Hall on @FoxNews at 12:05 P.M. (Now). I will go on around 1:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Our people want to return to work. They will practice Social Distancing and all else, and Seniors will be watched over protectively & lovingly. We can do two things together. THE CURE CANNOT BE WORSE (by far) THAN THE PROBLEM! Congress MUST ACT NOW. We will come back strong!
Congress must approve the deal, without all of the nonsense, today. The longer it takes, the harder it will be to start up our economy. Our workers will be hurt!
This is not about the ridiculous Green New Deal. It is about putting our great workers and companies BACK TO WORK!
The Defense Production Act is in full force, but haven’t had to use it because no one has said NO! Millions of masks coming as back up to States.
Keep Charlie Number One. Great Book! 
RT @NanHayworth: Hey @TheDemocrats, what does the Kennedy Center have to do with COVID-19?

Asking for 327 million friends
RT @NikkiBAEley: When Nancy Pelosi receives a bill that will expedite relief to American workers but doesn't fund the Kennedy Center: 
RT @Kristal2768: @kirstiealley @realDonaldTrump Love you Kirstie, don't be afraid to speak your mind!! @POTUS has done an a amazing job pro…
Thank you Kirstie! 
Buy the book and give Liz some Great Reviews! @OANN 
RT @miblogestublog: Dr. Fauci is all of us 🤦🏼‍♂️ 
RT @GrahamLedger: R. E. S. P. E. C. T. LOL. #QuaratineLife
RT @AnnCoulter: "the chance of dying is ... about 0.45 percent – very far from the World Health Organization’s [global mortality] figure of…
A respected coal miner and great dad! Rest In Peace! 
The Media is hopeless. Too bad! 
RT @RealJamesWoods: Dr. Birx is a sober, professional thinker and analyst. I feel confident having her as an essential part of our team.
Thank you Tony! 
RT @RealJamesWoods: Voter fraud by Democrats is the second most dangerous thing to happen to America since this virus.
The World market for face masks and ventilators is Crazy. We are helping the states to get equipment, but it is not easy. Just got 400 Ventilators for @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio. Work beginning on 4 hospitals in New York! Millions of different type items coming!
RT @BreitbartNews: Every American needs to see Joe Biden's latest brain freeze. 
RT @KatrinaPierson: Trump Derangement Syndrome. Just a guess.
RT @PressSec: President @realDonaldTrump just signed an EO to prevent hoarding & price gouging of supplies needed in our war against the #C…
RT @GOPChairwoman: A message for Schumer & Pelosi:

"This should not be a time for political agendas, but rather one for focusing solely an…
RT @IngrahamAngle: "I’ll work with anybody to help the American people and the American worker — I don’t care who it is." -- Donald Trump,…
RT @markknoller: Pres signed two broadband bills today:
-requires Pres to ensure security of 5G and subsequent generation cell phone techno…
RT @TiffanyATrump: We must all do our part to #SlowTheSpread! #TogetherApart #SocialDistancing #StayAtHome #WorkFromHome #StopTheSpread #Fl…
This will never be approved by me, or any other Republican! 
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Our experience suggests that hydroxychloroquine should be a first-line treatment for Covid-19. We can use it to save l…
RT @SheerLevity: @bdomenech People are dying and the dems do this. It's literally the definition of evil. We've never seen a crisis like th…
RT @benshapiro: Blaming Trump for someone ingesting fish tank cleaner is a new level of Trump Derangement Syndrome.
The Hill/HarrisX: 61% to 39% Approval Rating on handling of Coronavirus situation. Thank you!
Republicans had a deal until Nancy Pelosi rode into town from her extended vacation. The Democrats want the Virus to win? They are asking for things that have nothing to do with our great workers or companies. They want Open Borders & Green New Deal. Republicans shouldn’t agree!
....us since the beginning of this crisis.” They meant the opposite? Forgot to mention that I closed our Country to China (and Europe) very early, long before it was considered acceptable to do so. Sleepy Joe said I was “xenophobic”, but I saved thousands of lives! Fake News!
This is the way the @nytimes finished a story on me. “You can see the contrast between the steady, assured, informed and strong leadership that VP Biden (Sleepy Joe) has shown, and the bungling, chaotic and dishonest start-stop approach that Mr. (not Pres.) Trump has shown....
RT @JudiciaryGOP: A climate change study on aviation to combat #COVIDー19? Is this a joke, @SpeakerPelosi?  

How does that help average Ame…
RT @ReaganBattalion: Here is what @SenSchumer and @SpeakerPelosi are blocking:

$1,200-PP, $2,400-Couple, $500-Child
$250 Billion-Unemploym…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
....is NOT their fault in any way, shape, or form. They are working closely with us to get rid of it. WE WILL PREVAIL TOGETHER!
It is very important that we totally protect our Asian American community in the United States, and all around the world. They are amazing people, and the spreading of the Virus....
A great early result from a drug that will start tomorrow in New York and other places! #COVIDー19 
RT @realDonaldTrump: WE CANNOT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE PROBLEM ITSELF. AT THE END OF THE 15 DAY PERIOD, WE WILL MAKE A DECISION AS T…
The New York Times changed headlines 3 times in order to satisfy the Radical Left. What should have been a good story got “worse & worse”, until the headline alone made it very unfair. Fake & Corrupt News that is very dangerous for our Country!
THIS IS WHY WE NEED BORDERS!
STRONG & UNITED, WE WILL PREVAIL! GOD BLESS THE USA!!

RT @SecGeneScalia: .@POTUS signed the bipartisan Families First Coronavirus Response Act last night to support Americans affected by COVID-…
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you @WalmartInc for taking extraordinary measures to support American workers. You are a shining example of American…
RT @GOPChairwoman: We truly have the best volunteers.

Our grassroots army made a stunning 1.5 MILLION phone calls on Saturday alone.

In a…
RT @TrumpWarRoom: ⚠️ THREAD: President @realDonaldTrump took decisive action from the beginning to protect Americans from the Chinese coron…
RT @KamVTV: MSNBC at Coronavirus presser: You were not prepared in beginning of outbreak of virus. 

Trump: In the beginning when I halted…
RT @RandPaul: Senator Rand Paul has tested positive for COVID-19. He is feeling fine and is in quarantine. He is asymptomatic and was teste…
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Chinese communist regime still claims only a couple of hundred people died in Tiananmen Square massacre. Why would any…
RT @thebradfordfile: When Joe Biden eventually comes out of hiding, he needs to start answering questions about the deals that enriched his…
RT @jasonrantz: Sen. Mitch McConnell is losing patience with Democrats (and Pelosi!) on the CARES Act, blaming them for "fiddling with the…
RT @thebradfordfile: ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE. 

It's never been more clear...
RT @thebradfordfile: President Trump and NY Governor Cuomo are demonstrating to the nation how to work together--and leave the politics asi…
RT @thebradfordfile: NEVER FORGET -- 

While Joe Biden was giving Hunter a ride to China on Air Force Two to close a $1.5 billion deal with…
RT @TomFitton: Surprise!  Destruction of the economy leads to less traffic and pollution.
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: WHO Spread False Chinese Government Propaganda: Coronavirus Not Contagious Among Humans  
RT @RealJamesWoods: We are in the middle of an international pandemic and the Democrats’ lead candidate has literally disappeared from the…
RT @ChuckCallesto: @realDonaldTrump They should take a SERIOUS LOOK at this... 👇🏻


RT @steph93065: @realDonaldTrump Correct. 15 days, then we keep the high risk groups protected as necessary and the rest of us go back to w…
RT @TomiLahren: So we are all basically on house arrest but they are letting the prisoners out? Sounds like a brilliant idea.
RT @FedupMil: Flatten the curve NOT the Economy
RT @FedupMil: @Lrihendry @realDonaldTrump 15 days. Then we isolate the high risk groups and the rest of us get back to work before it’s all…
RT @Lrihendry: @realDonaldTrump Thank you President Trump!
RT @SexCounseling: @realDonaldTrump The fear of the virus cannot collapse our economy that President Trump has built up.  

We The People a…
Robert, we will end up stronger than ever before. Thank you! 
RT @TomFitton: @realDonaldTrump Exactly. Governors and local officials should let people out of their homes before they let criminals out o…
We will be guided by the wishes of Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a great friend of the United States and a man who has done a magnificent job on the Olympic Venue, as to attending the Olympic Games in Japan. He will make the proper decision!
WE CANNOT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE PROBLEM ITSELF. AT THE END OF THE 15 DAY PERIOD, WE WILL MAKE A DECISION AS TO WHICH WAY WE WANT TO GO!
I watch and listen to the Fake News, CNN, MSDNC, ABC, NBC, CBS, some of FOX (desperately & foolishly pleading to be politically correct), the @nytimes, & the @washingtonpost, and all I see is hatred of me at any cost. Don’t they understand that they are destroying themselves?
My friend (always there when I’ve needed him!), Senator @RandPaul, was just tested “positive” from the Chinese Virus. That is not good! He is strong and will get better. Just spoke to him and he was in good spirits.
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump gave an update on the medical equipment and supplies being moved from our federal stockpile to t…
RT @WhiteHouse: .@FEMA_Pete: FEMA is providing critical support to the Coronavirus response efforts of state, local, and tribal governments…
RT @Mike_Pence: Thank you to the American people who are responding to President @realDonaldTrump’s 15 Days to Slow the Spread Guidelines a…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump: "We're enduring a great national trial, and we will prove that we can meet the moment ... No Am…
RT @Scavino45: “As long as I am your president, you can feel confident that you have a leader who will always fight for you...and I will no…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Will be having a News Conference from our beautiful White House at 5:00 P.M. Many things to discuss. Thank you!
The hard working men and women of @UPS are working overtime to maintain our supply chain and deliver medical supplies to those in need. Your work is critical to the health of our nation, keep it up!
.@JBPritzker, Governor of Illinois, and a very small group of certain other Governors, together with Fake News @CNN & Concast (MSDNC), shouldn’t be blaming the Federal Government for their own shortcomings. We are there to back you up should you fail, and always will be!
RT @RepMichaelWaltz: So awesome to see Florida businesses stepping up to help our neighbors like this. 

This is the strong spirit of commu…
RT @GOPLeader: RT to thank those who are keeping the shelves stocked and the deliveries coming. 
→ Truck drivers
→ Postal workers
→ Superma…
Working very well with States and our Nation’s Governors. #TEAMWORK
Thank you to Fred Smith and @FedEx for the rapid emergency deliveries you are making all over our Nation. Keep it going!
Ford, General Motors and Tesla are being given the go ahead to make ventilators and other metal products, FAST! @fema  Go for it auto execs, lets see how good you are? @RepMarkMeadows @GOPLeader @senatemajldr
RT @senatemajldr: Senate Republicans’ proposal, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, will get cash assistance in the han…
RT @senatemajldr: Senate Republicans and @POTUS have a common goal: to get relief to American workers, families, & small businesses as rapi…
RT @senatemajldr: It's our job to step in and help people through this global pandemic. 
RT @senatemajldr: The CARES Act would deliver direct financial help. Senate Republicans want to put cash in Americans’ hands.
 
No tangled…
RT @senatemajldr: Our Senate proposal would provide the quickest possible access to desperately-needed liquidity for small businesses acros…
RT @senatemajldr: Laid-off workers cannot wait. Struggling Main Street businesses cannot wait. Our hospitals and health centers cannot wait…
RT @senatemajldr: Senate Republicans’ CARES Act would continue to push resources to the front lines of the medical battle against this viru…
RT @senatemajldr: Small businesses, working families, and medical responders across this country have made it clear: They need help now.…
RT @senatemajldr: Kentucky’s state motto is “United we stand, divided we fall.” I’m inspired by all the Kentuckians who are stepping up to…
RT @senatemajldr: More Americans are being laid off every day. More small businesses are being forced to shed payroll every day. Our nurses…
RT @senatemajldr: The past two days of intense bipartisan talks are very close to a resolution. An update on the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, &…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Biden and Bernie are "both heading toward the socialist cliff, just in different vehicles. Bernie’s is a red Ferrari, wh…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Great story! 
RT @MariaBartiromo: Tomorrow join us #Exclusive ⁦@SundayFutures⁩ ⁦@FoxNews⁩ 10am et #Live ⁦@WhiteHouse⁩ peter Navarro ⁦@marcorubio⁩ ⁦@WarRo…
RT @Breaking911: STATES THAT HAVE ISSUED A ‘STAY AT HOME ORDER’

- CALIFORNIA 
- NEW YORK
- ILLINOIS 
- PENNSYLVANIA 
- CONNECTICUT 
- OREG…
RT @MariaBartiromo: .@USTreasury Mnuchin on the Fed and Trump's efforts to protect the US economy 
RT @MariaBartiromo: Former Ford CEO: Auto industry in 'much stronger position' than 2008 recession 
RT @MariaBartiromo: US could see lowest gas prices on record: Analyst 
RT @IvankaTrump: Laid-off workers cannot wait. Small Businesses cannot wait.

At @realDonaldTrump’s direction we’re working around the ⏰ w/…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Together we will win this war against coronavirus. 
 
“This has been a week of national action and of great national sol…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump: "Governors, mayors, businesses, charities, and citizens are all working with urgency and speed…
RT @Mike_Pence: We encourage every American to listen to their state and local authorities and follow President @realDonaldTrump’s Coronavi…
RT @WhiteHouse: Yesterday, President @realDonaldTrump spoke with 12,000 small businesses—the economic engine of our country.

The Trump Adm…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump signed legislation providing American workers with paid sick leave and paid family medical leave…
RT @TeamTrump: "Democrats and Republicans in Congress are finding common ground and joining with President @realDonaldTrump in a bipartisan…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Great reminder from @realDonaldTrump:
 
“Every American has a role to play in defending our nation… Stay at home and sav…
RT @notquitegonzo: Better be #Option2Bernie

If he means what he said, then he should fight with us

Joe Biden is a death sentence for US A…
RT @HeyPeggyGG: @TeamCavuto @ltgrusselhonore Coronavirus or no coronavirus Preident @realDonaldTrump hands down should be re-elected based…
RT @beemtoaustin: @TeamCavuto @ltgrusselhonore @TheDemocrats hysteria will ruin the US.
RT @TeamCavuto: .@SenJohnBarrasso to Neil: You have to be very concerned with your words and I'd expect much better from the Senate Minorit…
RT @TeamCavuto: .@SenJohnKennedy to guest host @cvpayne: Our economy is going to take a short-term hit from the COVID-19 outbreak, but I do…
So true! 
RT @Judgenap: Maintaining Freedom in America During Coronavirus Madness

RT @Varneyco: The Trump Administration is considering providing direct financial relief to individuals affected by the #coronavirus. Former…
RT @Varneyco: One major side effect of this economic free-fall is that oil and gas prices are at their lowest point in 18 years. Some areas…
That doesn’t sound like Michael, does it? 
RT @cvpayne: Excuse me, I want to interrupt the onslaught of negativity tonight and remind everyone there is no such thing as "false hope."…
RT @MariaBartiromo: 
RT @MariaBartiromo: Why Tom Cotton and Others Are Right To Question Where Coronavirus Started | The National Interest ⁦@SundayFutures⁩ ⁦@Fo…
Maria is Great! 
RT @KenCalvert: What to know what you can do to help our community?

✅ Practice social distancing
✅ Donate blood 
✅…
RT @RepMichaelWaltz: My friend @RepRiggleman just converted his family distillery into a hand sanitizer manufacturing facility. 

Another g…
RT @Scavino45: A MESSAGE FROM @StateDept @SecPompeo. #COVID19 

🌐
🌐
🌐
RT @realDonaldTrump: Today I spoke with our Nation’s Small Businesses, which employ nearly half of America’s workforce. We are taking the M…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @Jim_Jordan: The Trump Administration is working hard to help small businesses get through this difficult time.

For small business owne…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you @JennPellegrino @OANN
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @SenateGOP: Conference Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

We have people all across this country—through no fault of their own—are
out of work.…
RT @SenHawleyPress: "This is a good time to be extra kind to one another."

Sen. Hawley and Erin share a message of encouragement as we fac…
RT @SenateGOP: “In these sobering times, I’m reminded of what makes America strong.”

More from Senator @ChuckGrassley👇🏻 
RT @SenatorTimScott: A quick update from Washington about what we are doing to provide the necessary resources to protect the American peop…
RT @SenatorLankford: Remember the best places to stay up to date with the latest #COVID19 developments: @WhiteHouse, @CDCgov, @healthyoklah…
RT @SenRickScott: We all need to do our part, stay inside and promote social distancing. This is the best thing we can do to stem the sprea…
RT @senrobportman: I hope you’ll  join me in thanking the folks working around the clock to keep the food supply chain moving and the shelv…
RT @MikeCrapo: Over the past week, blood centers throughout the country have experienced a significant drop in donations due to #COVID19. I…
RT @WhiteHouse: The Chinese Communist Party, Russia, Iran, and bad actors around the world are spreading misinformation and lies about the…
RT @DHS_Wolf: Hearing a lot about texts from "friends at DHS" or "friends with connections at DHS" that say DHS is planning a national lock…
RT @sendavidperdue: Appreciate the opportunity to talk with Georgia Hospital Association members about the #coronavirus response and how we…
RT @WHNSC: PSA: Text messages and emails about national quarantines are absolutely false and started by those wanting to cause fear and con…
RT @SenateGOP: To the health care workers on the frontlines.

To postal carriers, truck drivers & supermarket employees.

To those staying…
RT @realDonaldTrump: HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE & AZITHROMYCIN, taken together, have a real chance to be one of the biggest game changers in the hi…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....be put in use IMMEDIATELY. PEOPLE ARE DYING, MOVE FAST, and GOD BLESS EVERYONE! @US_FDA @SteveFDA @CDCgov @DHSgov
RT @DeptVetAffairs: .@POTUS signed legislation today that will maintain educational benefits for Veterans and their families impacted by th…
Thank you @JennPellegrino @OANN 
RT @ashleyhayek: Earlier today @realDonaldTrump announced the tremendous work @Hanes is doing to produce masks. 

This evening I learned my…
RT @CVSHealth: .@cvspharmacy waiving charges for home delivery of prescription medications due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Learn more: 
RT @kayleighmcenany: “It’s unprecedented what we’ve done. Many, many doctors can’t believe the great job we’ve done:”

“By closing the coun…
RT @kayleighmcenany: If you & CNN would have paid attention to the White House coronavirus briefing, you would have the answer.

“We have p…
RT @kimfreethinker: Our president is working valiantly to face some thing unprecedented and he’s met with the ignorance seen in this video.…
RT @RyanAFournier: Fact:

Under President Trump, the process of getting a coronavirus vaccine into testing has occurred at one of the FASTE…
Thank you David, so true! 
RT @DavidJHarrisJr: I remember a man who said...

- We need to secure our borders
- We need to bring businesses back to America 
- We need…
Thank you! 
CHINESE VIRUS FACT CHECK 
RT @MichaelCoudrey: NEW DATA: A French study has demonstrated evidence that the combination of Hydroxychloroquine & Azithromycin are highly…
RT @MichaelCoudrey: Everyone who thinks coronavirus is harmless or doesn’t matter should rethink that opinion immediately.

This is an extr…
White House News Conference at 12:30 P.M. Thank you!
....be put in use IMMEDIATELY. PEOPLE ARE DYING, MOVE FAST, and GOD BLESS EVERYONE! @US_FDA @SteveFDA @CDCgov @DHSgov
HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE & AZITHROMYCIN, taken together, have a real chance to be one of the biggest game changers in the history of medicine. The FDA has moved mountains - Thank You! Hopefully they will BOTH (H works better with A, International Journal of Antimicrobial Agents).....
Great story. Thank you to Mr. Young of Jonesboro, Arkansas! 
RT @SecretarySonny: To the heroes in the U.S. food supply chain, we salute you. 
RT @SecretService: "Stay safe, stay healthy, and take care of each other." - Director James Murray thanks all those who are continuing to w…
Today I spoke with our Nation’s Small Businesses, which employ nearly half of America’s workforce. We are taking the MOST aggressive action in history to deliver fast relief to your businesses and workers. We will always protect our Small Businesses! @SBAgov 
RT @WhiteHouse: .@SecPompeo announces that the United States and Mexico have agreed to restrict non-essential travel across the U.S.-Mexico…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump's early, decisive travel restrictions slowed the Coronavirus' spread to our shores—and we are do…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Steve is one of the very best in the Senate. He is competing against a failed Democrat Presidential candidate who neve…
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: People are facing challenges all across the country. I sat down with @ShannonBream tonight to discuss how Congress is…
RT @SenShelby: The Senate remains in session this week working to pass monumental legislation to combat the Coronavirus & help the American…
RT @JohnCornyn: Do you know the symptoms of #COVID19? Difficulty breathing, persistent pain or pressure in the chest, confusion, bluish lip…
RT @SenHydeSmith: #Telehealth is a valuable tool to provide care & protect people in this #COVID19pandemic. Pleased @realdonaldtrump & task…
RT @senatemajldr: It is my intention that the Senate will not adjourn until we have passed significant and bold new steps, above and beyond…
RT @SenJohnThune: Everything we’re doing right now is time-sensitive. Just left lunch with @SenateGOP & @StevenMnuchin1. We’re working as a…
RT @SenCoryGardner: We need to provide real relief to American workers who have been impacted by #COVID19, and we need to do it right now.…
RT @marcorubio: Made good progress on getting 💰 into the hands of small businesses so they don’t have to lay off their workers.

Senate isn…
RT @SenateGOP: Conference Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

It is the millennials who will make the difference in slowing the spread of this dise…
A Great Guy! 
RT @SenateGOP: “Republicans and Democrats are coming together”

More from @SenToddYoung 👇🏻

 
RT @SenatorRisch: 🚨Attention Idaho small business owners🚨 If your business has been disrupted or impacted by coronavirus, fill out a form w…
RT @SenJoniErnst: Earlier today, I spoke with other members of @SmallBizCmte about the next steps we’re going to take to ensure our local e…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: ICYMI: This afternoon, I held a Facebook town hall to discuss our response to the coronavirus. 
RT @SenateGOP: What is social distancing and why does it matter?

More from @SenCapito 👇🏻

 
RT @SenateGOP: "In the fight against the coronavirus, the Trump administration is not just taking a whole of government approach, but a who…
RT @ChuckGrassley: 2day the Senate is expected to vote on the bipartisan House bill to provide relief to workers affected by coronavirus I’…
RT @SenCoryGardner: A huge part of Colorado’s economy relies on restaurants and hospitality. I’m working to help Congress recognize how the…
Steve is one of the very best in the Senate. He is competing against a failed Democrat Presidential candidate who never got close to 1%, and was sent packing. Had to be talked into this run by Schumer. Bad for 2nd A! I strongly Endorse @SteveDaines! 
RT @SenBillCassidy: We must stop the spread of #coronavirus. 

I support social distancing measures taken on the federal, state and local l…
RT @senrobportman: Just voted to pass the Families First Coronavirus Response Act, providing:

- Free coronavirus testing
- Paid sick leave…
RT @SenCapito: My full statement on today's vote: 
RT @SenThomTillis: I'm proud the Senate set partisan differences aside and worked together to pass bipartisan solutions to help slow the sp…
RT @SenKevinCramer: Negotiated by @POTUS and House Democrats, this bill gives immediate and vital relief for American workers and small bus…
RT @SenatorFischer: The purpose of the federal government is to provide a national response during a national emergency. That is why I vote…
RT @NBCNews: JUST IN: US Senate passes coronavirus relief bill that would provide for free coronavirus testing, paid family and sick leave,…
RT @SenFinance: Chairman @ChuckGrassley on the passage of the Families First Coronavirus Response Act:

✓ Increased paid sick leave

✓ Incr…
RT @SenBillCassidy: The economic problems caused by this virus have never been seen before. This package is to help individuals, families a…
RT @GrassleyPress: BREAKING → The Families First Coronavirus Response Act is heading to President @realDonaldTrump’s desk. 
RT @SenateGOP: 📍IOWA

"It is really important that we are all working together to come up with solutions for the American people."

"We're…
RT @JohnBoozman: I'm pleased the Senate took this step to provide relief and support to America's workers & families in the form of free vi…
RT @SenJohnHoeven: We look forward to this bill being signed into law, & we will continue working on the future phases of our nation’s resp…
RT @SBAgov: What's the process for applying for an SBA disaster loan and what documentation is required? This fact sheet breaks it down: ht…
RT @SenJohnThune: We're all hearing a lot in the news, on social media, and in conversations about "social distancing." Here’s a good expla…
RT @Scavino45: Last night in the Oval Office, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump signed into law: H.R. 6201, the “Families First Coronavirus Response…
RT @SenateGOP: "We're asking everybody to show a little bit of kindness."

On the ground in Iowa, @SenJoniErnst is working to fight coronav…
RT @SenMcSallyAZ: 🚨 Arizona, you can save lives during this crisis! Stay home, wash your hands, and stay informed by visiting 
RT @SenRubioPress: Leader McConnell: "Our legislation cannot leave small business behind … Chairman Rubio and Chairman Collins have been cr…
RT @WhiteHouse: If you think you're sick, DON'T get in the car. 🚫

Get on the phone. 📱

Get instructions. 💬 
RT @SenateGOP: ✓ SIGNED by @realDonaldTrump

The Families First Coronavirus Response Act is now law.
RT @SenJohnThune: Many small biz, who only a few weeks ago were having one of their best years ever, are now struggling to keep their doors…
RT @GrassleyPress: By working together and doing our part, our country will get through #COVID19.

+ Keep your distance from others
+ Work…
RT @USNavy: Doing our part as only the U.S. Navy can. #NavyReadiness #NavyCapability 

#USNavy Hospital Ships #USNSMercy and #USNSComfort,…
RT @senatemajldr: The American people are strong. The American people will win this fight against the coronavirus.

The Senate’s job is to…
RT @senatemajldr: We are crafting a major plan to help small business survive this crisis and help workers continue to get paid. A rapid in…
RT @senatemajldr: Senate Republicans want to put cash in the hands of the American people to help during this uniquely uncertain time. No t…
RT @senatemajldr: The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, & Economic Security Act proposes bold action on four urgent priorities:

1. Direct financial…
RT @senatemajldr: The Senate is not going anywhere until we act. Senate Republicans are here and ready to work with our Democratic colleagu…
RT @realDonaldTrump: STRONG & UNITED, WE WILL PREVAIL! 
RT @FLOTUS: 
America’s Private Sector is stepping up to help us be STRONG! Many of the Nation’s distillers, large and small, are producing and donating hand sanitizer to help fight #COVID19. THANK YOU! 
THANK YOU to our Police Officers, Fire Fighters, and EMS who help us defeat the Virus every day. Our proud nation is grateful for the unwavering dedication and sacrifice of our First Responders and their families. TOGETHER we will beat this!
THANK YOU! #ThankATrucker 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is at @FEMA headquarters, speaking via teleconference with America's Governors on preparation, m…
RT @Surgeon_General: Everyone can do their part to respond to #COVID19. Part of preparedness is a robust blood supply. Please continue to #…
RT @WhiteHouse: When this virus is defeated, our great American economy will bounce back rapidly. 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump has signed critical support for American families, workers, and businesses into law. 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
SOCIAL DISTANCING! 
We are going to WIN, sooner rather than later!
RT @realDonaldTrump: 15 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD! 
STRONG & UNITED, WE WILL PREVAIL! 
I only signed the Defense Production Act to combat the Chinese Virus should we need to invoke it in a worst case scenario in the future. Hopefully there will be no need, but we are all in this TOGETHER!
Thank you @HerschelWalker! 
Today I spoke with American physicians and nurses to thank them for their tireless work. Doctors and nurses are at the front lines of this war and are true American HEROES! With their help, America will WIN.
I want all Americans to understand: we are at war with an invisible enemy, but that enemy is no match for the spirit and resolve of the American people...
...It cannot overcome the dedication of our doctors, nurses, and scientists — and it cannot beat the LOVE, PATRIOTISM, and DETERMINATION of our citizens. Strong and United, WE WILL PREVAIL!
RT @CDCgov: If you get sick, remember: #Antibiotics do NOT work on viruses, like those that cause #colds or #flu. Talk to your doctor about…
15 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Thank you to our great American businesses for going above and beyond to keep our most vulnerable citizens safe! 
We will be, by mutual consent, temporarily closing our Northern Border with Canada to non-essential traffic. Trade will not be affected. Details to follow!
....Also, according to the Daily Caller, leading Sleepy Joe Biden in Florida, 48% to 42%.
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 53% overall. Not bad considering I get nothing but Fake & Corrupt News, day and night. “Russia, Russia, Russia”, then “the Ukraine Scam (where’s the Whistleblower?)”, the “Impeachment Hoax”, and more, more, more....
The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders, far ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. Bernie has given up, just like he did last time. He will be dropping out soon! MAGA/KAG
The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders, fat ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. Bernie has given up, just like he did last time. He will be dropping out soon! MAGA/KAG
I always treated the Chinese Virus very seriously, and have done a very good job from the beginning, including my very early decision to close the “borders” from China - against the wishes of almost all. Many lives were saved. The Fake News new narrative is disgraceful & false!
I will be having a news conference today to discuss very important news from the FDA concerning the Chinese Virus!
I will totally protect your Medicare & Social Security!
For the people that are now out of work because of the important and necessary containment policies, for instance the shutting down of hotels, bars and restaurants, money will soon be coming to you. The onslaught of the Chinese Virus is not your fault! Will be stronger than ever!
RT @CDCgov: Everyone can help prevent the spread of #COVID19. Call your doctor if you develop symptoms, have been in close contact with a p…
RT @NIHDirector: #NIH has today launched a Phase 1 #clinicaltrial evaluating a vaccine candidate for #coronavirus #COVID19. This trial is e…
RT @NIH: Launched in record speed, #NIH started enrollment for a Phase 1 #clinicaltrial of an investigational vaccine for #COVID19 for heal…
RT @nlm_news: The National Library of Medicine at #NIH is proud to be working with @WHOSTP and others to make #coronavirus-related data ava…
RT @NIHDirector: As part of the #NIH response to #COVID19, NIH’s @nlm_news is working with @WHOSTP and others to make #coronavirus-related…
RT @SteveFDA: Today, FDA took two additional significant diagnostic actions during the #COVID19 outbreak by issuing two Emergency Use Autho…
RT @NIH: News: New #coronavirus stable for hours on surfaces 
RT @NIMHgov: Feelings of anxiety and uncertainty are completely normal during times like this. If you need support coping with the events o…
RT @NIH: Thanks for your support following the launch of an investigational vaccine for #COVID19. We are proud of our hardworking #NIH comm…
RT @NIH: #COVID19 is an emerging, rapidly evolving situation. Learn about the basics like symptoms & what to do if you are sick; and see th…
RT @TIME: Officials said the president has authority to take such action during pandemics like the coronavirus outbreak 
RT @CDCgov: Practice social distancing by putting space between yourself and others. Continue to practice healthy habits, like washing your…
RT @WhiteHouse: A message from @Surgeon_General to millennials: 
RT @WhiteHouse: What is social distancing—and why are we doing it?

Dr. Anthony Fauci, Dr. Deborah Birx, and @Surgeon_General Jerome Adams…
RT @AjitPaiFCC: In wake of #Covid_19 outbreak, telework, remote learning, and telehealth are key. We must ensure that Americans don't lose…
The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN!
RT @AjitPaiFCC: A major #telehealth announcement by @POTUS regarding "a dramatic expansion of our Medicare telehealth services": patients c…
RT @SteveScalise: .@realDonaldTrump has taken decisive action to combat Coronavirus:

– Stopped flights early
– Partnered w/ the private se…
RT @RepDougCollins: To all of our doctors, nurses, first responders, and public safety officers fighting on the front lines: Thank you.

In…
RT @HouseGOP: Follow these coronavirus guidelines from the @WhiteHouse to keep our families and communities safe:
▪️ Practice Social Distan…
RT @sendavidperdue: America has faced big challenges before, and we will get through this together. Please stay vigilant and follow @CDCgov…
RT @senrobportman: Everyone of us has a critical role to play in slowing the spread of #coronavirus. 

➡️ Wash your hands and practice good…
RT @BillCassidy: The White House Coronavirus Task Force and @realDonaldTrump announced new guidelines every American should follow to save…
RT @SenateCommerce: As you take precautions to avoid the #Coronavirus, take steps to help prevent your devices from catching viruses too.…
RT @GOPLeader: GREAT news for seniors on Medicare → You can now stay home and see any doctor licensed in your state using FaceTime, Skype,…
RT @SeemaCMS: Through the 1135 waiver, #Medicare beneficiaries, who are at higher risk for #COVID19, will be able to receive a specific set…
RT @SecretarySonny: 🚨🚨🚨We've partnered with @BaylorCoHP, McLane Global & @PepsiCo to provide 1 MILLION MEALS PER WEEK to rural children in…
RT @GovMurphy: We MUST #FlattenTheCurve of the spread of coronavirus.
 
Social distancing, closing schools, limiting non-essential business…
RT @WVGovernor: Today we continued to take proactive steps as part of our ongoing preparations for #COVID19. We've been blessed in #WV to n…
RT @LouisianaGov: As Louisianans, we must practice social distancing to slow the spread of COVID-19, flatten the curve and help keep everyo…
RT @GovParsonMO: Get the latest CDC guidance on mass gatherings and large community events, 
RT @GovernorKayIvey: .@POTUS just released further recommendations regarding #COVID19. Please help spread this important information. Remem…
RT @Mike_Pence: We’re asking every American to partner with us in the effort to combat the Coronavirus and be mindful of our vulnerable sen…
RT @Mike_Pence: All of our health experts agree, you do not need the results of Coronavirus testing to know what you should do. Every Ameri…
RT @WhiteHouse: We applaud private-sector businesses for creating seniors-only shopping times! 🛒 
RT @WhiteHouse: NEW: Medicare will dramatically expand telehealth services in response to the Coronavirus.

Medicare patients can now visit…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump spoke with executives from America’s fast food companies to discuss the important role that driv…
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Federal Government is working very well with the Governors and State officials. Good things will happen! #KILLTHEVIRUS
Failing  Michigan Governor must work harder and be much more proactive. We are pushing her to get the job done. I stand with Michigan!
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: President Trump’s decision to declare a national emergency over the #coronavirus pandemic is the right call.  

It wil…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Really appreciate the efforts of Dr. #Fauci. He has become a national treasure just like ALL of our healthcare workers…
RT @CDCgov: Social distancing can help slow the spread of #COVID19 in affected communities. This means avoiding crowded places and maintain…
RT @WhiteHouse: Avoid eating out. Use carry-out, drive-thru, and delivery options. 
RT @WhiteHouse: Help make the next 15 days count and avoid social gatherings of more than 10 people. 
Cuomo wants “all states to be treated the same.” But all states aren’t the same. Some are being hit hard by the Chinese Virus, some are being hit practically not at all. New York is a very big “hotspot”, West Virginia has, thus far, zero cases. Andrew, keep politics out of it....
RT @AFP: #UPDATE The first human trial to evaluate a candidate vaccine against the new coronavirus has begun in Seattle, US health official…
RT @marklevinshow: The Jewish case for President Trump

RT @marklevinshow: Democrat Party-press wrong and disappointed

RT @marklevinshow: The debate tonight is hardly a debate at all. Biden has largely moved hard left where there are now relatively few diffe…
RT @marklevinshow: It’s amazing how hospitable the moderators are to the Democrat Party’s leftwing agenda.  Thus far, absolutely no serious…
RT @marklevinshow: 
RT @marklevinshow: The Atlantic spews communist China’s propaganda while trashing the Trump administration.  And it’s not alone among the A…
RT @trscoop: Leftist math genius caught in another FAIL over lying about Trump’s comments to governors to make him look bad 
RT @RedState: Dan Bongino and Others Call out NYT Editor for Altering Trump Quote From Conference Call With Governors 
RT @dbongino: It’s pretty hilarious that the NY Times thinks we’re not gonna fact-check everything they say and type, give their propensity…
RT @TomFitton: A simple truth.
RT @Techno_Fog: Wow.

The DOJ moves to dismiss the charges against the Russian Company (Concord) who conducted the alleged "information war…
RT @dbongino: Team Mueller 🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️👇🏻👇🏻
The “Times” is a disgrace to journalism! 
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I look forward to getting back to work with my Senate colleagues and President Trump to contain this virus and stabili…
Great news Lindsey! 
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: My primary goal is to lessen the loss of life.  

Our economy can be rebuilt.  The loss of life is permanent. 

I appr…
The United States will be powerfully supporting those industries, like Airlines and others, that are particularly affected by the Chinese Virus. We will be stronger than ever before!
I ask all Americans to band together and support your neighbors by not hoarding unnecessary amounts of food and essentials. TOGETHER we will stay STRONG and overcome this challenge!
Yesterday I spoke with the great American Grocers and Supply Chain Executives. We are confident that supply will continue to meet demand nationwide. These beacons of our community will remain open for you, no matter what. We are working hard to remove any barriers to that effort!
Just had a  very good tele-conference with Nation’s Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to “do more”.
Just had a  very good tele-conference with Nations’s Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to “do more”.
Everybody is so well unified and working so hard. It is a beautiful thing to see. They love our great Country. We will end up being stronger than ever before!
God Bless the USA!
RT @parscale: Joe Biden is a train wreck on illegal immigration and would harm national security.

He’d have ZERO deportations for the firs…
RT @TimMurtaugh: Joe Biden would set an extreme and dangerous course on illegal immigration.

Wouldn’t deport anyone except convicted felon…
RT @kayleighmcenany: Sleepy Joe is SO CONFUSED. Joe has...

- Called the coronavirus “SARS”

- Called the coronavirus the “swine flu”

- Ca…
I must say, that was a VERY boring debate. Biden lied when he said I want to cut Social Security and Medicare. That’s what they ALL said 4 years ago, and nothing happened, in fact, I saved Social Security and Medicare. I will not be cutting, but they will. Be careful!
RT @SaraCarterDC: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for your leadership. The task force is tackling real national security issues that not only de…
RT @SaraCarterDC: Not a criminal like those who tried to coup a duly elected president and overturn an American election. @SidneyPowell1 ha…
RT @SaraCarterDC: Absolutely @realDonaldTrump !  This has been such an injustice to Gen. Flynn, his family and the American people  - the o…
The individual Governors of States, and local officials, must step up their efforts on drive up testing and testing sights, working in conjunction with @CDCgov and the Federal Government!
RT @Google_Comms: “We appreciate the support of government officials and industry partners and thank the Google engineers who have voluntee…
RT @Google_Comms: Statement from Verily: "We are developing a tool to help triage individuals for Covid-19 testing. Verily is in the early…
The Fake and Corrupt News never called Google. They said this was not true. Even in times such as these, they are not truthful. Watch for their apology, it won’t happen. More importantly, thank you to Google! 
So now it is reported that, after destroying his life & the life of his wonderful family (and many others also), the FBI, working in conjunction with the Justice Department, has “lost” the records of General Michael Flynn. How convenient. I am strongly considering a Full Pardon!
Can’t believe they are not going after Schumer for the threats he made to our cherished United States Supreme Court, and our two great Justices. If a Republican did that, there would be an endless price to pay. Pathetic!
There will be a News Conference by the CoronaVirus Task Force today at the White House, 5 P.M. @VP  We are working closely with the Governors of our Country’s great States, which are a very big factor. They are working hard, along with us, to get the job properly done.....
....The USA was never set up for this, just look at the catastrophe of the H1N1 Swine Flu (Biden in charge, 17,000 people lost, very late response time), but it soon will be. Great decision to close our China, and other, borders early. Saved many lives!
We are doing very precise Medical Screenings at our airports. Pardon the interruptions and delays, we are moving as quickly as possible, but it is very important that we be vigilant and careful. We must get it right. Safety first!
I am watching a great and beautiful service by Pastor Jentezen Franklin. Thank you! @Jentezen
TODAY IS A NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER. GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
Great Job by Judicial Watch. Potentially a treasure trove. Too bad you are not given more help, but it will all work out! 
This took place in the Rose Garden, just coming out of a cold Winter! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: To unleash the full power of the Federal Government in this effort, today I am officially declaring a National Emergen…
RT @Jim_Jordan: Real leadership:

-Working with the private sector for solutions
-Launching a screening website
-Initiating drive-thru test…
RT @realDonaldTrump: We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care they need. No resource will be spa…
RT @realDonaldTrump: At my request, effective midnight tonight, Carnival, Royal Caribbean, Norwegian, and MSC have all agreed to suspend ou…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Americans are the strongest and most resilient people on earth...We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary…
RT @realDonaldTrump: To those families and citizens who are worried and concerned for themselves and their loved ones, I want you to know t…
Amazing how the Fake News never covers this. No Interest on Student Loans. The Dems are just talk! 
Thank you Sara. Keep writing, great talent! 
Thank you! 
Tomorrow I have called for a National Day of Prayer. I will be tuning in to Pastor @Jentezen at the @FreeChapel Church in Gainesville, Georgia at 11:00 AM EDT. God Bless the USA! 
The @CDCgov has published guidelines on 
Just had a nice conversation with Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau of Canada. Great to hear that his wonderful wife Sophie is doing very well. The United States and Canada will continue to coordinate closely together on COVID-19.
COVID-19 UPDATE 
THE UNITED STATES LOVES ITALY! 
Just finished a meeting on Covid-19 in the Situation Room, news conference coming up shortly. 
News Conference at White House in 10 minutes.
SOCIAL DISTANCING!
Attending meetings on Covid-19 in the White House. Working with States and local governments, many of whom have done a great job. Full report latter!
BIGGEST STOCK MARKET RISE IN HISTORY YESTERDAY!
Larry, I am not surprised that Candace was great. I would only be surprised if she wasn’t great! 
RT @larryelder: Introducing keynote speaker Candace Owens for the Jewish Republican Alliance, Woodland Hills, California.

#BLEXIT
#JEXIT h…
RT @larryelder: “Andrew Gillum apologizes after being found 'inebriated' in hotel room where police say man was treated for 'possible drug…
RT @RealCandaceO: LMAO. Bags of a crystal meth, nudity, and puking... to help a friend after a wedding while you were too inebriated to tal…
RT @RealCandaceO: Good news on the coronavirus you won’t find anywhere else:

-China has closed down its last coronavirus hospital. Not eno…
RT @RealCandaceO: LET’S GO AMERICA🇺🇸! 
After 2 years of fighting and challenging the status quo— I finally wrote it. 
The book Democrats do…
RT @RealCandaceO: Here is the last page of the report which sites the crystal meth. 

Guess Florida made the right move electing Governor D…
Good teamwork between Republicans & Democrats as the House passes the big CoronaVirus Relief Bill. People really pulled together. Nice to see!
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump's emergency declaration allows for a "massive mobilization of our country's resources to combat this t…
RT @GOPChairwoman: POTUS was right to restrict travel from China in January, and now there is more evidence that @realDonaldTrump made the…
RT @GOPChairwoman: The @realDonaldTrump administration’s coronavirus response has delivered “innovative solutions…at unprecedented speed.”…
RT @brithume: Boy, this is embarrassing.
RT @GOP: “President @realDonaldTrump took decisive action to put the health of the American people first.“ -@Mike_Pence 
RT @kayleighmcenany: When Joe Biden was in charge of the H1N1 Swine Flu epidemic, this happened in America:

60.8 MILLION infected 

274,30…
RT @TeamTrump: MUST READ: Joe Biden Plagiarizes President @realDonaldTrump’s #Coronavirus Plan!


RT @AndrewHClark: Oh no! CNN's reporter just called it the "Wuhan virus" and added "which originated, as we know, in Wuhan, China." 

Someo…
RT @kayleighmcenany: Joe Biden just lied, saying coronavirus tests should be in the millions, not thousands. 

Has anyone told Joe that 1 m…
RT @SaraCarterDC: Trump Declares National Emergency Over Coronavirus, Solutions Spur Wall Street Rally 

Incredible what can be done w/ rig…
To those families and citizens who are worried and concerned for themselves and their loved ones, I want you to know that your Federal Government will unleash every authority, resource and tool at its disposal to safeguard the lives and health of our people. 
....the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Labor to issue regulations that will provide flexibility so that in no way will Small Businesses be hurt. I encourage all Republicans and Democrats to come together and VOTE YES! I will always put....
....the health and well-being of American families FIRST. Look forward to signing the final Bill, ASAP!
I fully support H.R. 6201: Families First CoronaVirus Response Act, which will be voted on in the House this evening. This Bill will follow my direction for free CoronaVirus tests, and paid sick leave for our impacted American workers. I have directed....
Americans are the strongest and most resilient people on earth...We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care that they need, and that they are entitled to. No resource will be spared. 
RT @WhiteHouse: "The spirit and the will of our nation is unbreakable. We will defeat this threat. When America is tested, America rises to…
RT @WhiteHouse: Today's emergency orders will allow the @HHSgov Secretary to waive applicable rules and regulations to give doctors, hospit…
....No matter where you may be, I encourage you to turn towards prayer in an act of faith. Together, we will easily PREVAIL!
It is my great honor to declare Sunday, March 15th as a National Day of Prayer. We are a Country that, throughout our history, has looked to God for protection and strength in times like these....
At my request, effective midnight tonight, Carnival, Royal Caribbean, Norwegian, and MSC have all agreed to suspend outbound cruises for thirty days. It is a great and important industry – it will be kept that way!
We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care they need. No resource will be spared! 
To unleash the full power of the Federal Government in this effort, today I am officially declaring a National Emergency. 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference 
I will be having a news conference today at 3:00 P.M., The White House. Topic: CoronaVirus!
To this point, and because we have had a very strong border policy, we have had 40 deaths related to CoronaVirus. If we had weak or open borders, that number would be many times higher!
The Federal Reserve must FINALLY lower the Fed Rate to something comparable to their competitor Central Banks. Jay Powell and group are putting us at a decided economic & physiological disadvantage. Should never have been this way. Also, STIMULATE!
If you want to get money into the hands of people quickly & efficiently, let them have the full money that they earned, APPROVE A PAYROLL TAX CUT until the end of the year, December 31. Then you are doing something that is really meaningful. Only that will make a big difference!
RT @GOPChairwoman: Joe Biden has no ground to stand on politicizing coronavirus or attacking @realDonaldTrump.

.... Their response to H1N1 Swine Flu was a full scale disaster, with thousands dying, and nothing meaningful done to fix the testing problem, until now. The changes have been made and testing will soon happen on a very large scale basis. All Red Tape has been cut, ready to go!
For decades the @CDCgov looked at, and studied,  its testing system, but did nothing about it. It would always be inadequate and slow for a large scale pandemic, but a pandemic would never happen, they hoped. President Obama made changes that only complicated things further.....
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Outrageous. @SenatorFischer’s bill will save lives.
RT @SenatorFischer: Today the Senate could have passed my bill w/ @SenatorSinema to address the shortage of respirators during this #COVID1…
“The Obama White House had to immediately issue an apology for Joe Biden’s remarks, and any alarm that he might have caused, an alarm about a Swine Flu outbreak that took 6 months for President Obama to declare a National Emergency, and that killed 12,000 Americans.” @LouDobbs
Sleepy Joe Biden was in charge of the H1N1 Swine Flu epidemic which killed thousands of people. The response was one of the worst on record. Our response is one of the best, with fast action of border closings & a 78% Approval Rating, the highest on record. His was lowest!
Just had a great conversation with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I told him that the just completed Olympic venue is magnificent. He has done an incredible job, one that will make him very proud. Good things will happen for Japan and their great Prime Minister. Lots of options!
RT @CaitrionaPerry: All schools, colleges and childcare facilities to close from tomorrow says Taoiseach @LeoVaradkar in an address to the…
RT @USATODAY: Viking Cruises cancels all cruises until May 1 due to coronavirus pandemic 
RT @PrincessCruises: We have always been dedicated to one truth: the health, safety, & well-being of our guests, teammates, & communities w…
RT @BW: This German biotech company has made kits with 4 million coronavirus tests since the outbreak began 
RT @SenateGOP: We're ALL in this together.

And we can ALL do our part to help stop the spread of coronavirus.

⬇️ Here's how ⬇️ 
108 countries are dealing with the CoronaVirus problem, some of which we are helping!
KEEPING THE WORKPLACE SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES TO.... 
KEEPING COMMERCIAL ESTABLISHMENTS SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES AND CUSTOMERS TO.... 
KEEPING THE SCHOOL SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR FACULTY, STAFF, AND STUDENTS TO.... 
KEEPING THE HOME SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS TO.... 
Many Republican Senators want me to Veto the FISA Bill until we find out what led to, and happened with, the illegal attempted “coup” of the duly elected President of the United States, and others!
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Nancy Pelosi all of a sudden doesn’t like the payroll tax cut, but when Obama proposed it she thought it was a brilli…
RT @TwitterMoments: The NBA has suspended the season "until further notice” after a Utah Jazz player preliminarily tested positive for coro…
RT @CDCemergency: Develop a plan for home-based actions. Choose a room in your home that can be used to separate sick household members fro…
RT @CDCgov: Everyone can help prevent the spread of #COVID19. Call your doctor if you develop symptoms, have been in close contact with a p…
RT @CDCgov: Clean hands keep you healthy and can stop germs from spreading to others. What you need to know about handwashing: 
RT @CDCtravel: #CDCTRAVELNOTICE: #Coronavirus in most of #Europe. CDC recommends avoiding all nonessential travel to most of Europe. More i…
RT @SeemaCMS: .@CMSGov has taken additional actions to ensure #Medicare-participating hospital emergency departments continue to implement…
RT @SeemaCMS: .@CMSGov has issued additional guidance about telehealth benefits in #Medicare to ensure beneficiaries are aware of accessibl…
RT @SeemaCMS: .@CMSGov has expanded its guidance to nursing homes on how facilities should monitor, limit or restrict visitors & staff w/ p…
RT @SeemaCMS: Thank you @Humana for your dedication to public health and safety as we work to stop #COVID19.
RT @SeemaCMS: Thanks, @UnitedHealthGrp, for helping ensure your communities have coverage for the #COVID19 testing and treatment they need.
RT @SeemaCMS: No federal approval is needed for state #Medicaid programs to reimburse for telemedicine services, the same way that states p…
RT @SeemaCMS: To ensure individuals who may be impacted by #COVID19 have access to care, @CMSGov is encouraging states to utilize existing…
RT @SecAzar: Here are some simple steps that every American and community can take to help decrease the spread of the #coronavirus at work,…
RT @HHSGov: Watch this video to learn how you can help prevent the spread of respiratory diseases like the novel #coronavirus (#COVID19). T…
RT @NIHDirector: How can the structure of a spike protein found on #coronavirus responsible for the #COVID-19 #outbreak help in its diagnos…
RT @CDCgov: Join CDC for a Twitter Q&A on #COVID19. CDC Deputy Director for Infectious Diseases, Dr. Jay Butler, will answer questions abou…
RT @CDCgov: #Childcare Programs: Plan & prepare for #COVID19 in your community:
• Review, update & implement emergency operations plans for…
RT @CDCgov: Older adults & people with a severe chronic medical condition: Prepare in advance for the possibility of a #COVID19 outbreak in…
RT @ChadPergram: Trump says SBA will provide capital/liquidity to firms impacted by coronavirus. Will provide low interest loans
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Trump’s new coronavirus travel prohibitions will not apply to the trade and cargo that flow between Europe and the Uni…
RT @NBCNewsNow: JUST IN: US Supreme Court: Trump admin. can continue its practice of returning asylum seekers to Mexico along the entire so…
RT @ScottGottliebMD: Governments across the U.S. need to follow the lead of the business community and impose tougher restrictions in order…
RT @ScottGottliebMD: We’ll get through this. It’ll end. We have two hard months ahead of us. We need to sacrifice some of the trappings of…
RT @ScottGottliebMD: We updated our data on total #coronavirus testing capacity in U.S. Remember, our figures for total capacity do not ref…
RT @ScottGottliebMD: From @FaceTheNation on #COVID19. The next few months will be hard. We'll get through this. Ultimately we'll have a tre…
“Nancy Pelosi all of a sudden doesn’t like the payroll tax cut, but when Obama proposed it she thought it was a brilliant thing that all of the working families would benefit from because if you get a paycheck, you’re going to take home more money.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
RT @charliekirk11: Facts:

Federal tax dollars will no longer go to sanctuary states or cities that harbor criminal illegal aliens

If a pr…
RT @JonathanTurley: Schumer's threat to the Court that "you will pay the price" is a direct attack on the integrity of our courts. I critic…
RT @flightcrew: MUST WATCH!! Best Trump Ad Ever!! 📺

"FIGHTER," Starts Airing TODAY Nationwide!! @realDonaldTrump 
RT @RyanAFournier: 77% of Americans are confident in the Trump Administration’s ability to handle the coronavirus.

Just 58% of Americans w…
Hoping to get the payroll tax cut approved by both Republicans and Democrats, and please remember, very important for all countries & businesses to know that trade will in no way be affected by the 30-day restriction on travel from Europe. The restriction stops people not goods.
The Media should view this as a time of unity and strength. We have a common enemy, actually, an enemy of the World, the CoronaVirus. We must beat it as quickly and safely as possible. There is nothing more important to me than the life & safety of the United States!
I will be addressing the Nation this evening at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern) from the Oval Office.
I am fully prepared to use the full power of the Federal Government to deal with our current challenge of the CoronaVirus!
I want to thank all of our Great Government officials on the CoronaVirus Task Force who are working around the clock, in response to the CoronaVirus. Continue to check 
....We have the greatest healthcare system, experts, scientists and doctors anywhere in the world. Together, we will PREVAIL!
....Together we are putting into policy a plan to prevent, detect, treat and create a vaccine against CoronaVirus to save lives in America and the world. America will get it done!
America is the Greatest Country in the world. We have the best scientists, doctors, nurses and health care professionals. They are amazing people who do phenomenal things every day....
Someone needs to tell the Democrats in Congress that CoronaVirus doesn’t care what party you are in. We need to protect ALL Americans!
RT @Mike_Pence: I'm pleased to report that at President @realDonaldTrump's request, all the insurance companies at the @WhiteHouse today ag…
Vanity Fair Magazine, which will soon be out of business, and their third rate Fake reporters, who make up sources which don’t exist, wrote yet another phony & boring hit piece. The facts are just the opposite. Our team is doing a great job with CoronaVirus!
RT @TeamTrump: Vice President @Mike_Pence: We would be in a very different place if President @realDonaldTrump did not suspend all travel f…
Thank you Gavin. Team is doing a great job! 
RT @WhiteHouse: Earlier today, President @realDonaldTrump and the Vice President met with executives from America’s largest health insuranc…
RT @IvankaTrump: Congratulations General Keane on receiving our nation’s highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom. 

Thank…
RT @GOPChairwoman: It does not matter which career politician Democrats nominate.

@realDonaldTrump just scored big wins in MISSOURI and MI…
RT @WhiteHouse: One of President @realDonaldTrump's top priorities is making sure that hourly wage workers have the flexibility they need i…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Congratulations @realDonaldTrump on winning the MICHIGAN primary!

For years, I watched the Democrat Party fail my state…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Michigan helped put @realDonaldTrump over the top in 2016, and we are seeing record-breaking enthusiasm for him tonight,…
RT @EricTrump: With 99% reporting in Michigan, @realDonaldTrump has 637,000+ votes, absolutely crushing previous Republican and Democrat  i…
RT @GOPChairwoman: With 100% Reporting in Missouri, @realDonaldTrump (299K) received over FOUR TIMES the number of votes President Obama (6…
THANK YOU IDAHO! #KAG2020 
Pocahontas, working in conjunction with the Democrat Party, totally destroyed the campaign of Bernie Sanders. If she would have quit 3 days earlier, Sanders would have beaten Biden in a route, it wouldn’t even have been close. They also got two other losers to support Sleepy Joe!
THANK YOU WASHINGTON! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU NORTH DAKOTA! #KAG2020 
....(which is under siege), is strong on Crime and the Border, and truly LOVES our Military and our Vets. He will be a great Senator for the people of Alabama. Coach Tommy Tuberville, a winner, has my Complete and Total Endorsement. I love Alabama!
Tommy Tuberville (@TTuberville) is running for the U.S. Senate from the Great State of Alabama. Tommy was a terrific head football coach at Auburn University. He is a REAL LEADER who will never let MAGA/KAG, or our Country, down! Tommy will protect your Second Amendment....
THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU MISSOURI! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU MISSISSIPPI! #KAG2020 
Best unemployment numbers in the history of our Country. Best employment number EVER, almost 160 million people working right now. Vote Republican, unless you want to see these numbers obliterated!
If you like automobiles, how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars, as quickly as possible, especially if they are powered by gasoline. Remember also, no more than one car per family. I, on the other hand, have new plants being built all over Michigan, Plus!
If you like automobils, how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars, as quickly as possible, especially if they are powered by gasoline. Remember also, no more than one car per family. I, on the other hand, have new plants being built all over Michigan, Plus!
Great meeting on Capitol Hill with the @SenateGOP! 
Thank you @SenateGOP! 
RT @Mike_Pence: Keep yourself and those around you safe from the Coronavirus: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU, Jim, for your incredible support of our #MAGA Agenda! You are a tremendous Senator for the people of the Gr…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman @StevenPalazzo is doing a fantastic job for the people of Mississippi. He strongly supports our #MAGA Agen…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman Michael Guest (@GuestCongress) is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Mississippi. Michael is str…
Ronald Reagan’s great economist, the recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, has just said great things about a Payroll Tax Cut!
Our CoronaVirus Team has been doing a great job. Even Democrat governors have been VERY complimentary!
Nancy Pelosi just said, “I don’t know if we can be ready this week.” In other words, it’s off to vacation for the Do Nothing Democrats. That’s been the story with them for 1 1/2 years!
There is another Russia, Russia, Russia meeting today. It is headed up by corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff, so I wouldn’t expect too much! @DHS_Wolf
The Federal Reserve must be a leader, not a very late follower, which it has been!
Our pathetic, slow moving Federal Reserve, headed by Jay Powell, who raised rates too fast and lowered too late, should get our Fed Rate down to the levels of our competitor nations. They now have as much as a two point advantage, with even bigger currency help. Also, stimulate!
Well deserved Jack. A great honor! 
True, with number 1 being more important! 
Going to be a BAD day for Crazy Bernie!
Polls say they BOTH lose to “Trump”. 
Wow! @foxandfriends blew away the competition of Morning Joke (which did very poorly) on MSDNC (Another Comcast sleaze production), and @CNN’s New Day, in the Morning Television Ratings. A total blowout, but that’s what you get when you treat “Trump” fairly!
RT @charliekirk11: This is your daily reminder that it took Barack Obama until October of 2009 to declare Swine Flu a National Health Emerg…
Going up fast. We need the Wall more than ever! 
RT @charliekirk11: It has been an honor of a lifetime to have a front row seat as this president made history the last 3 years

This book i…
RT @DrJillStein: Biden's team won't let him do interviews. He made 2 short teleprompter speeches in Missouri this weekend & both generated…
Fake News!! 
RT @alx: .@trish_regan didn’t say Coronavirus is a scam.. she’s talking about how Democrats are blaming Trump for it.
Oklahoma, Vote for your GREAT Senator Today. Nobody better than Jim! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Members of the Coronavirus Task Force Hold a Press Briefing 
THANK YOU, Jim, for your incredible support of our #MAGA Agenda! You are a tremendous Senator for the people of the Great State of Oklahoma and you have my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman @StevenPalazzo is doing a fantastic job for the people of Mississippi. He strongly supports our #MAGA Agenda. Steven will continue to protect your #2A, & Support our INCREDIBLE Vets & Military. Steven has my Complete Endorsement. VOTE for Steven tomorrow, March 10th!
Congressman Michael Guest (@GuestCongress) is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Mississippi. Michael is strong on Crime and the Border, he loves our Military and Vets. Michael has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Michael tomorrow, March 10th!
So last year 37,000 Americans died from the common Flu. It averages between 27,000 and 70,000 per year. Nothing is shut down, life & the economy go on. At this moment there are 546 confirmed cases of CoronaVirus, with 22 deaths. Think about that!
Saudi Arabia and Russia are arguing over the price and flow of oil. That, and the Fake News, is the reason for the market drop!
Good for the consumer, gasoline prices coming down!
So much FAKE NEWS!
The BEST decision made was the toughest of them all - which saved many lives. Our VERY early decision to stop travel to and from certain parts of the world!
Great job being done by the @VP and the CoronaVirus Task Force. Thank you!
The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt Administration in the history of our Country!
“Trump has outmastered the Deep State. He’s light years ahead of us.” MSDNC. I disagree. We have a long way to go. There are still some very bad, sick people in our government - people who do not love our Country (In fact, they hate our Country!).
Now the Democrats are trying to smear Bernie with Russia, Russia, Russia. They are driving him Crazy!
RT @atrupar: Here's Surgeon General Jerome Adams telling Jake Tapper that President Trump "sleeps less than I do and he's healthier than wh…
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren singlehandedly destroyed the Bernie Sanders campaign by stripping voters away from his count on Super T. He lost states that he easily would have won if she had dropped out 3 days earlier. The DNC is doing it to Bernie again! Will he ever get angry?
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer said, “You will pay the price for this. You won’t know what HIT YOU.” That is far beyond simple rhetoric. That is a physical threat, or at least a threat that you better vote for us.” Trouble ahead!
The Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party, is doing everything within its semi-considerable power (it used to be greater!) to inflame the CoronaVirus situation, far beyond what the facts would warrant. Surgeon General, “The risk is low to the average American.”
RT @charliekirk11: Mitt Romney may block a subpoena to investigate Hunter Biden & Burisma

He says the investigation “looks political”

...…
RT @charliekirk11: Wow:

What an amazing swing through the South for The #MAGADoctrine today

We totally sold out in Vero beach!

The respo…
RT @charliekirk11: This is your daily reminder that New York City released an illegal alien charged with the rape of a 13 year old girl

Th…
RT @charliekirk11: Wow:

The MAGA Doctrine started and ended the week at #1 on Amazon’s best seller list!

The outpouring of support for th…
RT @charliekirk11: I finally agree with Joe Biden on something!

He’s exactly right—If we don’t want 4 years of this, we can only re-elect…
RT @charliekirk11: Hunter Biden & @DonaldJTrumpJr should debate to see who is really grifting off their dad’s time in office

Hunter is a 5…
RT @charliekirk11: Let me get this straight:

Democrats and the mainstream media are trying to incite panic over the Coronavirus

...Yet th…
A great book, support Charlie, BUY IT!  Already Number One. 
RT @CurtisHouck: Video: @MZHemingway and @BretBaier just WRECKED the liberal media narrative about Russia throwing '16 to Trump. Baier: "So…
RT @DanScavino: The video was NOT manipulated.
RT @DrPaulGosar: If you live in Arizona and you want to sign your favorite candidate’s petition for the 2020 election ballot:

CLICK HERE➡️…
RT @DrPaulGosar: Also. There seems to be a Leftist trope that the Covid19 is a “hoax.”   You do a disservice by spreading fake information.…
RT @gen_jackkeane: I am honored and overwhelmed by President Trump’s decision to award the Medal of Freedom. I lived a military life among…
RT @kimguilfoyle: Best President ever! Thank you @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸#KAG2020 #MAGA
RT @josedeynes: @PalmerReport @realDonaldTrump The President has a duty to protect the American people from two equally dangerous threats:…
Working hard Lori! 
There are no mixed messages, only political weaponization by people like you and your brother, Fredo! 
RT @thedailybeast: Surgeon General Jerome Adams used his comments to downplay the risk of coronavirus to the president 
Who knows what this means, but it sounds good to me! 
The New York Times is an embarrassment to journalism. They were a dead paper before I went into politics, and they will be a dead paper after I leave, which will be in 5 years. Fake News is the Enemy of the people!
We have a perfectly coordinated and fine tuned plan at the White House for our attack on CoronaVirus. We moved VERY early to close borders to certain areas, which was a Godsend. V.P. is doing a great job. The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to make us look bad. Sad!
Thank you @SenatorTimScott!

RT @DanScavino: Sleepy Joe💤in St. Louis, Missouri today:

“We can only re-elect @realDonaldTrump.”

#KAG2020LandslideVictory🇺🇸 
.....least 5 States & the Nomination. Did the DNC & Dems tell Elizabeth Warren to wait? If so, they were deadly, the race would have been over, & Bernie would have won. Dirty double dealing? Nobody knows for sure, & history will be the judge. But I say, here we go AGAIN, Bernie!
We have now learned for sure that the Democrats don’t want anything to do with Crazy Bernie. Rigged? First @amyklobuchar & @PeteButtigieg quit the race & come out for Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday. Pocahontas says NO & quits race AFTER ELECTION, thereby depriving Bernie of at..
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump signed the $8.3 billion funding bill to combat Coronavirus and defend the health and safety of t…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you @GovBillLee and @MariaLeeTN. My Administration will always be there for the Great People of Tennessee. Toget…
RT @seanhannity: @realdonaldTrump  Donates His Quarterly Salary to Help Fight Coronavirus, Find Vaccine 
RT @GOPChairwoman: The economic boom continues!

273K jobs added in February 

7M+ jobs added since @realDonaldTrump was elected

Unemploym…
RT @Mike_Pence: As a result of President @realDonaldTrump’s leadership, every state lab in the Country can now conduct Coronavirus testing.…
RT @seanhannity: @realdonaldTrump to Bloomberg: "One thing this whole thing has shown is that you can't buy an election... Sometimes you ju…
I agree with Joe! 
Thank you to the Great State of Tennessee. We are with you all the way! 
RT @DanScavino: WOW, thank you Lance! #KAG2020 
RT @DanScavino: ⚠️#TDSWarning🤯#KAG2020🇺🇸 
RT @Jim_Jordan: Mark Meadows is smart, loyal, and a true patriot. He’s a good man and my best friend!

Couldn’t have picked anyone better f…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump traveled to Tennessee to survey damage from the recent tornado and meet with families.  

We are…
Thank you @GovBillLee and @MariaLeeTN. My Administration will always be there for the Great People of Tennessee. Together, we will prevail! 
....I want to thank Acting Chief Mick Mulvaney for having served the Administration so well. He will become the United States Special Envoy for Northern Ireland. Thank you!
I am pleased to announce that Congressman Mark Meadows will become White House Chief of Staff. I have long known and worked with Mark, and the relationship is a very good one....
Congratulations to @FoxNews! 

Thank you @GovBillLee. We are a phone call away, and here for you! 
My Administration is with you all of the way, Tennessee. We love you! 

Spoke to Governor @GavinNewsom early this morning about the cruise ship quarantined off the California Coast. CoronaVirus test kits have been delivered, testing is taking place now. 
It is FAKE NEWS that @HHSGov @SecAzar is “sidelined” from the great job he is doing on the CoronaVirus Task Force. He has the total confidence of the @VP and myself, and is doing a fantastic job, as the numbers would indicate!
I will protect your Social Security and Medicare, just as I have for the past 3 years. Sleepy Joe Biden will destroy both in very short order, and he won’t even know he’s doing it!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!!! 

Thanks Linda, but they were really good last night! 
RT @CompoundBoss: Watching Trump’s town hall on Fox News.
After seeing so much of the Democrat clowns stumbling, bumbling, evading and pand…
RT @JacobsonNate: There’s nothing greater than @realDonaldTrump answering questions

can watch here 

#TrumpTownHall
Thank you! 
RT @TommyHicksGOP: “We are four years out, there has been no war & we are respected again.”—@realDonaldTrump

#TrumpTownHall
RT @CompoundBoss: Imagine Biden sitting there doing a town hall like Trump tonight?
He’d be babbling like an idiot.
Trump is absolutely Pre…
RT @sethweathers: Trump is killing it on the Fox News town hall while taking questions from the crowd

We’ll probably never see another Pre…
RT @mjoyce317: Pennsylvania (former Democrat) voter stands by @realDonaldTrump: “I like what’s happened in the country in the last 4 years”…
RT @KristinG70: Trump is relaxed and his entertaining self tonight.  Enjoyable to watch!  #TrumpTownHall
RT @PARISDENNARD: “It was a fake impeachment” President @realDonaldTrump #TrumpTownHall
RT @DailyCaller: A lifelong Dem voter talks about why he flipped to Trump in 2016:

"I’m focused on the economy and on regulation and dereg…
RT @DailyCaller: President @realDonaldTrump says he was ready to face "communist" Bernie Sanders and then Joe Biden won on "Super Tuesday,…
RT @thejtlewis: President @realDonaldTrump did excellent on the FOX #TrumpTownHall tonight. Getting the feeling that 2020 will see one of t…
RT @CBPMarkMorgan: We remain absolutely relentless in our counter-narcotics mission. The men & women of @CBP remain committed to keeping dr…
RT @CBPMarkMorgan: Our ongoing construction of border wall system has helped us shape the behaviors and activities of illegal border crosse…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tonight’s Fox News Town Hall with @MarthaMacCallum and @BretBaier will rebroadcast at 11:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews.…
My great honor! 
RT @mattgaetz: Bloomberg spent $500m just to win American Samoa. He could have spent $700m to buy the whole place. It would have been a bet…
RT @mattgaetz: .@IvankaTrump is a wonderful American Patriot! #MAGA 
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Such an honor to receive the @VFWHQ “Beyond the Call” Award at this year’s Annual Legislative Conference. These veterans…
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Two way street👇

Sanctuary states and cities are now on notice by the fed govt that helping dangerous illegal immigrants…
Thank you Audrey! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tonight’s Fox News Town Hall with @MarthaMacCallum and @BretBaier will rebroadcast at 11:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews.…
The WALL is well under construction. So far we’re up to 129 miles, and by early next year we will have 500 miles completed! 
We have appointed 220 Federal Judges and two Supreme Court Justices. PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 
Thank you David, a lifelong Democrat from Pennsylvania. We will continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!!

Thank you Scranton, Pennsylvania. It was a great evening! 
Tonight’s Fox News Town Hall with @MarthaMacCallum and @BretBaier will rebroadcast at 11:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
RT @DailySignal: Don't miss @Jim_Jordan recapping the insanity of the impeachment process—and how conservatives can stop the left from cont…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
Thank you Nan! 
RT @AirlinesDotOrg: A4A thanks @potus @realDonaldtrump @vp @Mike_Pence for inviting the CEOs of U.S. passenger airlines to the @WhiteHouse…
RT @SenateGOP: Conference Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

We cannot tolerate political violence or threats of harassment.

I hope that @SenSchu…
Gallup just gave us the highest rating ever for the way we are handling the CoronaVirus situation. The April 2009-10 Swine Flu, where nearly 13,000 people died in the U.S., was poorly handled. Ask MSDNC & lightweight Washington failure @RonaldKlain, who the President was then?
The Department of Education is NOT closing hundreds of schools in rural areas of our Country. This is just more Fake News. We are investing greatly in our schools, and always will!
Mini Mike, you’re easy! 
With approximately 100,000 CoronaVirus cases worldwide, and 3,280 deaths, the United States, because of quick action on closing our borders, has, as of now, only 129 cases (40 Americans brought in) and 11 deaths. We are working very hard to keep these numbers as low as possible!
“Joe Biden represents the past. President Trump represents the future.” @LisaMarieBoothe @edhenry @FoxNews
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, who was going nowhere except into Mini Mike’s head, just dropped out of the Democrat Primary...THREE DAYS TOO LATE. She cost Crazy Bernie, at least, Massachusetts, Minnesota and Texas. Probably cost him the nomination! Came in third in Mass.
.@GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy informed me that I was 20 for 20 on Tuesday with respect to my Endorsement of candidates. Sadly, I didn’t get that information from the Fake News Media. They don’t report those things, or the far more than Dems cumulative votes, despite no opposition!
“I want to commend the President for how he has handled the CoronaVirus situation, especially his early decision to shut down access into our Country from China, despite strong opposition to that decision.” @SenTomCotton Thank you Tom!
Schumer has brought great danger to the steps of the United States Supreme Court!
I NEVER said people that are feeling sick should go to work. This is just more Fake News and disinformation put out by the Democrats, in particular MSDNC. Comcast covers the CoronaVirus situation horribly, only looking to do harm to the incredible & successful effort being made!
As per recent Federal Court ruling, the Federal Government will be withholding funds from Sanctuary Cities. They should change their status and go non-Sanctuary. Do not protect criminals!
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 9:10 P.M.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will receive the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week!
RT @AndrewDesiderio: NEW: Ron Johnson says he’ll likely release an interim report within next 1-2 months on his cmte’s Biden probe. 

He in…
There can be few things worse in a civilized, law abiding nation, than a United States Senator openly, and for all to see and hear, threatening the Supreme Court or its Justices. This is what Chuck Schumer just did. He must pay a severe price for this!
Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will recieve the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week!
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and Vice President @Mike_Pence met with airline CEOs earlier to discuss the impact of the Corona…
This is a direct & dangerous threat to the U.S. Supreme Court by Schumer. If a Republican did this, he or she would be arrested, or impeached. Serious action MUST be taken NOW! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congress has agreed to provide $8 Billion to fight Coronavirus! This means @CDCgov, @HHSGov, and @DHSgov will have the…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you, keep up the great work!
Thank you, keep up the great work! 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and Vice President @Mike_Pence met with airline CEOs earlier to discuss the impact of the Corona…
Congress has agreed to provide $8 Billion to fight Coronavirus! This means @CDCgov, @HHSGov, and @DHSgov will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low. This is great news for our Health, our Economy, and our Nation!
Congress has agreed to provide $8 Billion to fight Coronavirus! This means @CDC, @HHSGov, and @DHSgov will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low. This is great news for our Health, our Economy, and our Nation!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Pandering Mini Mike Bloomberg, along with his wacky friend, Tom Steyer, have found out the hard way that you can’t buy the election! They both wish they had it to do over again!
Today, it was my great honor to address the @LatinoCoalition Legislative Summit. With the hard work, love & devotion of millions of incredible Hispanic-Americans, our Country is thriving, our people are prospering, and our future has never looked brighter! 
Mini Mike, “Three months ago I entered the race for President to defeat Donald Trump, (and I failed miserably!).
Mini Mike Bloomberg will now FIRE Tim O’Brien, and all of the fools and truly dumb people who got him into this MESS. This has been the worst, and most embarrassing, experience of his life...and now on to Sleepy Joe!
Mini Mike Bloomberg just “quit” the race for President. I could have told him long ago that he didn’t have what it takes, and he would have saved himself a billion dollars, the real cost. Now he will pour money into Sleepy Joe’s campaign, hoping to save face. It won’t work!
The Mayor of Los Angeles, @ericgarcetti, is dealing with us trying to get the Federal Government to fix the terrible problem he and the Dems have caused with the homeless, and the horrendous effects it is having on the City, which is a mess. I then watch him talk “trash” on me!
Wow! If Elizabeth Warren wasn’t in the race, Bernie Sanders would have EASILY won Massachusetts, Minnesota and Texas, not to mention various other states. Our modern day Pocahontas won’t go down in history as a winner, but she may very well go down as the all time great SPOILER!
The great people of Montana can have no better VOICE than Senator @SteveDaines. He is doing an incredible job! Whoever the Democrat nominee may be, please understand that I will be working hard with Steve all the way, & last night I was 20 for 20 (per @GOPLeader). WE NEED STEVE!
I will be going to the Great State of Tennessee on Friday. The USA stands with the people of Tennessee 100%, whatever they need! The tornadoes were of record size & velocity. God bless your loved ones & all of the families affected! Thanks to @GovBillLee & @MarshaBlackburn
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!!
This is what happens to someone who loyally gets appointed Attorney General of the United States & then doesn’t have the wisdom or courage to stare down & end the phony Russia Witch Hunt. Recuses himself on FIRST DAY in office, and the Mueller Scam begins! 
RT @AP_Politics: BREAKING: Republican Tommy Tuberville advances to primary runoff for U.S. Senate in Alabama primary election. #APracecall…
So selfish for Elizabeth Warren to stay in the race. She has Zero chance of even coming close to winning, but hurts Bernie badly. So much for their wonderful liberal friendship. Will he ever speak to her again? She cost him Massachusetts (and came in third), he shouldn’t!
The Democrat establishment came together and crushed Bernie Sanders, AGAIN! Even the fact that Elizabeth Warren stayed in the race was devastating to Bernie and allowed Sleepy Joe to unthinkably win Massachusetts. It was a perfect storm, with many good states remaining for Joe!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Mini Mike, don’t lick your dirty fingers. Both unsanitary and dangerous to others and yourself! 
THANK YOU CALIFORNIA! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU UTAH! #KAG2020 
RT @brithume: Good insight here. But there is one unifying factor that will be there in the fall: Donald J. Trump.
RT @DLoesch: This will make Sanders so happy to hear his friend won’t leave

🍿
RT @townhallcom: Joe Biden: "This is my little sister, Valerie! No wait...this is my wife!"

Oh. my. #SuperTuesday 
RT @GOPLeader: The United States has never been better prepared to deal with an infectious disease like the coronavirus. Under Republicans,…
RT @Judgenap: Hillary Clinton Faces a Catch-22 in Deposition

RT @Judgenap: Democrats Discussing Ways to Stop Bernie Sanders

But they really knew who was going to win! 
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, other than Mini Mike, was the loser of the night. She didn’t even come close to winning her home state of Massachusetts. Well, now she can just sit back with her husband and have a nice cold beer!
The biggest loser tonight, by far, is Mini Mike Bloomberg. His “political” consultants took him for a ride. $700 million washed down the drain, and he got nothing for it but the nickname Mini Mike, and the complete destruction of his reputation. Way to go Mike!
THANK YOU ARKANSAS! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU MINNESOTA! #KAG2020 
RT @GOPChairwoman: The WINS continue to pour in for @realDonaldTrump.

Thank you to the millions of supporters in ARKANSAS, COLORADO, MINNE…
RT @GOP: Just in: @realDonaldTrump donates his quarterly salary to @HHSgov to help fight coronavirus.
 
THANK YOU, President Trump!

RT @realDonaldTrump: Mini Mike, don’t lick your dirty fingers. Both unsanitary and dangerous to others and yourself! 
THANK YOU COLORADO! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU COLORADO! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU TEXAS! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU MAINE! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU TENNESSEE! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU MASSACHUSETTS! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU OKLAHOMA! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU ALABAMA! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU VERMONT! #KAG2020 
Mini Mike, don’t lick your dirty fingers. Both unsanitary and dangerous to others and yourself! 
The National Institutes of Health is home to some of the greatest doctors, scientists, and researchers in the world. Thank you for all your doing @NIH, keep up the great work! 
I am calling on Congress to send me a Bill that fully and permanently funds the LWCF and restores our National Parks. When I sign it into law, it will be HISTORIC for our beautiful public lands. ALL thanks to @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines, two GREAT Conservative Leaders!
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump participates in a briefing at @NIH 
I commend the hard work of Senator @SteveDaines and @SenCoryGardner in protecting funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund for years to come. The citizens of Montana and Colorado thank you both!
#PrayForNashville 
It was my great honor to address the National Association of Counties Legislative Conference where 1,200 County Leaders whose incredible devotion, talent, and drive directly and profoundly improve the lives of millions of Americans each and every day. 
The Federal Reserve is cutting but must further ease and, most importantly, come into line with other countries/competitors. We are not playing on a level field. Not fair to USA. It is finally time for the Federal Reserve to LEAD. More easing and cutting!
The Federal Reserve is cuting  but must further ease and, most importantly, come into line with other countries/competitors. We are not playing on a level field. Not fair to USA. It is finally time for the Federal Reserve to LEAD. More easing and cutting!
RT @Franklin_Graham: Pray for residents of Nashville and Middle Tennessee who were in the path of powerful tornadoes that struck early this…
Prayers for all of those affected by the devastating tornadoes in Tennessee. We will continue to monitor the developments. The Federal Government is with you all of the way during this difficult time. 
Mini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances. Also, as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a choker!
New book by @charliekirk11, already number 1, “The MAGA Doctrine”. Really great, SUPPORT CHARLIE KIRK. Buy now!
Mini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances. Also, as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a chocker!
Go Admiral Ronny! 
Texas & Oklahoma: Mini Mike Bloomberg will kill your drilling, fracking and pipelines. Petroleum based “anything” is dead. Energy jobs gone. Don’t vote for Mini Mike!
Australia’s Central Bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for China’s Coronavirus situation and slowdown. They reduced to 0.5%, a record low. Other countries are doing the same thing, if not more so. Our Federal Reserve has us....
....paying higher rates than many others, when we should be paying less. Tough on our exporters and puts the USA at a competitive disadvantage. Must be the other way around. Should ease and cut rate big. Jerome Powell led Federal Reserve has called it wrong from day one. Sad!
Australia’s Central Bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for China’s Coronavirus situation and slowdown. They reduced to 0.5%, a record low. Other countries are doing the same thing, if not more so. Our Federal Reserve has us....
Thank you @JackBrewerBSI. We’re with you all the way. The American people know what’s going on, they totally get it. Watch what happens in November 2020! Thank you for your continued support. Together, we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! #BlackVoicesforTrump 
WOW! Sleepy Joe doesn’t know where he is, or what he’s doing. Honestly, I don’t think he even knows what office he's running for! 
The Democrats in the House should propose a very simple one year Payroll Tax cut. Great for the middle class, great for the USA!
This is an incredible time for our nation—we are in the midst of the Great American Comeback! Jobs are booming, incomes are soaring, poverty is plummeting, confidence is surging, and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military. PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 
I was thrilled to be back in the Great city of Charlotte, North Carolina with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who love our Country, cherish our values, respect our laws, and always put AMERICA FIRST! Thank you for a wonderful evening!! #KAG2020 
WOW! Thank you, just landed, see everyone soon! #KAG2020🇺🇸

Departing for the Great State of North Carolina! 
They are staging a coup against Bernie!
THANK YOU! 
Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime & Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, & will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
Congresswoman Kay @GrangerCampaign has worked hard for Texas and been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. She’s strong on #2A and Securing our Border and is 100% pro-life. Kay has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Nicole is Strong on Crime and Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, and will stand with our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
THANK YOU @BillCassidy for all of your support with our #MAGA Agenda. You are doing an outstanding job representing the people of Louisiana & the U.S.A. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KAG2020 
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@MoInTheHouse Brooks is running for Congress in the Great State of Alabama. He is a huge supporter of the #MAGA Agend…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@TomMcClintock is a strong Conservative Leader who will always fight for the people of California. He fully supports…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@JayObernolte of California is running for Congress in 2020. Jay will help me to continue securing the Southern Borde…
RT @realDonaldTrump: “The Greatest name in politics,” Patrick @McHenryCampaign from the Great State of North Carolina, is a Conservative Fi…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina has really stepped up to the plate. Thom is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@RepKevinBrady (R) of Texas-08 loves Texas & our Country. He has been a GREAT Congressman & supporter of #MAGA. Stron…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@LouieGohmertTX1 is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas! He fully supports our #MAGA and #KAG Agenda…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman @LanceGooden has done a wonderful job for the people of Texas while supporting our #MAGA Agenda. He contin…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@WesleyHuntTX is running for Congress in the Great State of Texas. He will help us accomplish our America First polic…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@AugustPfluger is a Great Veteran and Strong Leader for Texas where he is running for Congress. He will protect your…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I hope we can get Admiral @RonnyJackson4TX of Texas, who served our Country so well, into the runoff election in #TX13…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Representative Randy Weber (@TxRandy14) of Texas has been a HUGE supporter of our #MAGA Agenda from the very beginning…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@JodeyArrington from the Great State of Texas has been an incredible supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. Jodey fully suppo…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@BethVanDuyne did Great things as Mayor of Irving, Texas, with my Administration. She is a Strong Conservative who su…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Texas Rep Roger Williams (@RepRWilliams) has done an incredible job representing the Great State of Texas. Roger is to…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman @MichaelCBurgess has done a Great job representing the people of Texas. He continues to protect your very…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Representative John Carter (@JudgeJohnCarter) from the Great State of Texas has been a tremendous supporter of our #MA…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman Brian @Babin4Congress of Texas has been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on the Second…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime, the Border, the Second…
The only people in favor of Mini Mike continuing with his hapless campaign are me and his political consultants, who are getting richer and richer by the day!
.@FoxNews is working hard pushing the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats. They want to be, unlike their competitors, @CNN & MSDNC (Comcast), Fair & Balanced. When will they ever learn. The Radical Left never even gave @FoxNews permission to partake in their low rated debates!
....competitive disadvantage. We should be leading, not following!
As usual, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve are slow to act. Germany and others are pumping money into their economies. Other Central Banks are much more aggressive. The U.S. should have, for all of the right reasons, the lowest Rate. We don’t, putting us at a.....
Jack Welch, former Chairman and CEO of GE, a business legend, has died. There was no corporate leader like “neutron” Jack. He was my friend and supporter. We made wonderful deals together. He will never be forgotten. My warmest sympathies to his wonderful wife & family!
I was criticized by the Democrats when I closed the Country down to China many weeks ahead of what almost everyone recommended. Saved many lives. Dems were working the Impeachment Hoax. They didn’t have a clue! Now they are fear mongering. Be calm & vigilant!
“Ever since (Mini Mike) Bloomberg’s bad debate performances, his support has dropped.” @abcnews  Dropped a lot. Only his highly paid consultants, who are laughing all the way to the bank, still support him...And by the way, he did not poll well as mayor in handling crisis!
RT @TwitterMoments: President Trump and VP Mike Pence provided further updates on the coronavirus outbreak, including travel advisories for…
RT @WHO: @DrTedros @WHOWPRO @pahowho @WHO_Europe @WHOAFRO @WHOEMRO @WHOSEARO "🔟 it’s normal & understandable to feel anxious, especially if…
RT @WHOWPRO: This is how you can reduce your risk of new #coronavirus #COVID19 
I am meeting with the major pharmaceutical companies today at the White House about progress on a vaccine and cure. Progress being made!
RT @realDonaldTrump: A Poll in today’s New York Post says that 77% of “U.S. adults have confidence in their government’s ability to handle…
RT @realDonaldTrump: People are disgusted and embarrassed by the Fake News Media, as headed by the @nytimes, @washingtonpost, @comcast & MS…
RT @HealthyFla: Florida has 2 presumptive positive #COVID19 cases: one adult resident of Hillsborough County and one adult resident of Mana…
RT @GovRonDeSantis: Tomorrow I will be in Tampa and Miami with Surgeon General Rivkees and other officials to discuss our continued statewi…
RT @DrLateNightNews: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends #Trump2020
#MAGA
#AmericaFirst 
RT @realDonaldTrump: A Poll in today’s New York Post says that 77% of “U.S. adults have confidence in their government’s ability to handle…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Pete Buttigieg is OUT. All of his SuperTuesday votes will go to Sleepy Joe Biden. Great timing. This is the REAL begin…
RT @espn: .@XFLVipers RB Jacques Patrick was emotional when he scored his first professional touchdown after his father died last Friday 🙏…
“The Democrat Party is a field of lightweights in complete disarray.” @kayleighmcenany @JudgeJeanine
Gallup Poll numbers on the handling of this situation are outstanding, the best. Thank you! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: People are disgusted and embarrassed by the Fake News Media, as headed by the @nytimes, @washingtonpost, @comcast & MS…
RT @DanScavino: 2/28/2020 | Boca Raton, Florida☀️
#TrumpPence2020 #KAG2020 
RT @DanScavino: Beckley, West Virginia 
#TrumpPence2020 #KAG2020 
RT @DanScavino: 2/29/2020 | Hesperia, California
#TrumpPence2020 #KAG2020 
Watch Mark Levin interview of Charlie Kirk tonight at 11:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Amazing!!!  And, while you’re at it, go get Charlie’s new book, “The MAGA Doctrine: The Only Ideas That Will Win the Future”...This is a really GREAT book. Support Charlie Kirk!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is not at the top of his game! Thank you. 
Sleepy Joe Biden also said that guns killed 150 million Americans last year, wants to win Georgia on Super Tuesday (not up), and got his speaking location wrong again! 
Thank you! 
RT @parscale: When @CNN smears Black Trump supporters just because they back the President, you know something is going right.

CNN comment…
Thank you. I love you too! 
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar on the Coronavirus:

"The risk to average Americans remains low. We are wor…
The Black community brilliantly turned their backs on Mini Mike because they know he is a pandering phony who never did right by them! 
Mini Mike Bloomberg didn’t bring NYC back, as he said in his fake ad. It was @RudyGiuliani who brought NYC back and who also, with his endorsement, got Mini Mike elected (with barely a thank you). A boring mayor who the people couldn’t stand!
Pete Buttigieg is OUT. All of his SuperTuesday votes will go to Sleepy Joe Biden. Great timing. This is the REAL beginning of the Dems taking Bernie out of play - NO NOMINATION, AGAIN!
People are disgusted and embarrassed by the Fake News Media, as headed by the @nytimes, @washingtonpost, @comcast & MSDNC, @ABC, @CBSNews and more. They no longer believe what they see and read, and for good reason. Fake News is, indeed, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
“Who better than @RepRatcliffe, who got to the bottom of the FISAGATE & RUSSIAGATE HOAX. It makes a lot of sense to put John Ratcliffe in there (DNI).The Senate should quickly approve him. @DevinNunes @MariaBartiromo  John will do a great job for the American people!
A Poll in today’s New York Post says that 77% of “U.S. adults have confidence in their government’s ability to handle the Coronavirus (Number One), compared to other health threats.” 64% for Zika, 58% for Ebola. Others way down on list. Our professionals are doing a great job!
The food is GREAT at Sammy’s Mexican Grill in Phoenix, Arizona. Congratulations to Betty & Jorge Rivas on doing such a wonderful job. I will try hard to stop by the next time I am in Phoenix. Support Sammy’s! @foxandfriends
Coronavirus: In addition to screening travelers “prior to boarding” from certain designated high risk countries, or areas within those countries, they will also be screened when they arrive in America. Thank you! @VP @SecAzar @CDCgov @CDCDirector
.....a very dark and lonely path! Your reputation will never be the same!
Mini Mike Bloomberg’s consultants and so-called “advisors”(how did that advice work out? Don’t ask!), are on the “gravy train” and all making a fortune for themselves pushing Mini hard, when they knew he never had what it takes. Don’t pay them anymore Mike, they led you down....
I would find it hard to believe that failed presidential candidates Tom Steyer, or Mini Mike Bloombeg, would contribute to the Democrat Party, even against me, after the way they have been treated - laughed at & mocked. The real politicians ate them up and spit them out!
Tom Steyer who, other than Mini Mike Bloomberg, spent more dollars for NOTHING than any candidate in history, quit the race today proclaiming how thrilled he was to be a part of the the Democrat Clown Show. Go away Tom and save whatever little money you have left!
Congratulations to Sleepy Joe Biden!
Democrats are working hard to destroy the name and reputation of Crazy Bernie Sanders, and take the nomination away from him!
Sleepy Joe Biden’s victory in the South Carolina Democrat Primary should be the end of Mini Mike Bloomberg’s Joke of a campaign. After the worst debate performance in the history of presidential debates,  Mini Mike now has Biden split up his very few voters, taking many away!
THE BEST IS YET TO COME! 
Dana, you are the real deal! 
THANK YOU @CPAC! #CPAC2020 
I will be having a 1:30 P.M. Press Conference at the White House to discuss the latest CoronaVirus developments. Thank you!
THANK YOU SOUTH CAROLINA! 

South Carolina was GREAT. A BIG & REALLY ENTHUSIASTIC CROWD!
A so-called reporter named @JohnJHarwood, who bombed so badly in the 2016 Presidential Debates that I thought he was going to be immediately fired (a Mini Mike type performance), is now with Fake News @CNN. A total loser!
I hope we can get Admiral @RonnyJackson4TX of Texas, who served our Country so well, into the runoff election in #TX13! Ronny is strong on Crime and Borders, GREAT for our Military and Vets, and will protect your #2A. Get out and vote for Ronny on Tuesday, March 3rd!
Thank you to all of the incredible Law Enforcement Officers in South Carolina tonight. We love you! 
It was my great honor to be back in South Carolina tonight, with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who believe in Faith, Family, God and Country. Thank you for a beautiful evening! #KAG2020 
I am pleased to announce the nomination of @RepRatcliffe (Congressman John Ratcliffe) to be Director of National Intelligence (DNI). Would have completed process earlier, but John wanted to wait until after IG Report was finished. John is an outstanding man of great talent!
On my way to the Great State of South Carolina. See everyone soon! #MAGA #KAG 
Nobody fights harder for Montana than @SteveDaines. Steve is a close friend of mine, a STRONG Conservative, and a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on Crime & Borders, GREAT for our Military & Vets, & will protect your #2A. Steve has my Complete Endorsement!
The Dems are working hard to take the prized nomination away from Bernie. Back room politics, which Bernie is not very good at. His people will not let it happen again!
Mini Mike is getting slammed. His debates were, perhaps, the worst in presidential debating history. A total phony who disavowed “Stop & Frisk” after swearing by it for years, and even recently. He horribly overused it, & then dropped when running as a Dem. A total phony!
We strongly stand with Terrence! 
RT @BrandonBeckham_: @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸 Dr. McCormick @RichforGA, a Medical Doctor & Decorated US Marine @USMC provides a much needed pers…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
“You go around Pennsylvania and you see Trump signs everywhere. The Donald Trump situation is bigger than the Reagan Revolution. Donald Trump has inspired us.” @RjHarris15  WHP580
Worst Polls, just like in 2016 when they were so far off the mark, are the @FoxNews Polls. Why doesn’t Fox finally get a competent Polling Company?
RT @realDonaldTrump: 52% in the new Rasmussen Poll. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
To the people of South Carolina, Tom Steyer is a joke, laughed at by everyone, a total incompetent. He made money in coal, now he “hates” coal. Did you see him fawning over Crazy Bernie? Has no chance, a loser for South Carolina, doesn’t deserve your vote!
Will be in the Great State of South Carolina tonight, 7:00 P.M., for a really BIG Rally. Best place to be is a Trump Rally. See you later!
“Federal Court Deals Major Blow To Sanctuary Cities.” @FoxNews  In other words, there will be no more Federal Tax Dollars to States & Cities that will not cooperate with Federal Law Enforcement (ICE). This is BIG NEWS! Funds will be cut off immediately. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting time on the Immigration Hoax, & anything else they could do to make the Republican Party look bad, while I was busy calling early BORDER & FLIGHT closings, putting us way ahead in our battle with Coronavirus. Dems called it VERY wrong!
So, the Coronavirus, which started in China and spread to various countries throughout the world, but very slowly in the U.S. because President Trump closed our border, and ended flights, VERY EARLY, is now being blamed, by the Do Nothing Democrats, to be the fault of “Trump”.
So nice! 
“Diagnosis positive: @CNN is infected with Trump Derangement Syndrome. I’m calling out CNN for irresponsibly politicizing what should be a unifying battle against a virus that doesn’t choose sides.” @trish_regan @FoxNews  Like I say, they are Fake News!
Word is that Mini Mike Bloomberg performed so poorly in the two debates, that he is thinking about dropping out of the Democrat Primary. The fact is, he was not true to himself, and the public was able to quickly figure him out. Not a good experience for Mini Mike!
Congratulations and thank you to our great Vice President & all of the many professionals doing such a fine job at CDC & all other agencies on the Coronavirus situation. Only a very small number in U.S., & China numbers look to be going down. All countries working well together!
Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting their time on the Impeachment Hoax, & anything they could do to make the Republican Party look bad, while I was busy calling early boarder & flight closings, putting us way ahead in our battle with the Coronavirus. Dems called it very wrong!
“Anti-Trump Network @CNN doing whatever it can to stoke a national Coronavirus panic. The far left Network pretty much ignoring anyone who they interview who doesn’t blame President Trump.” @trish_regan @FoxNews Media refuses to discuss the great job our professionals are doing!
RT @Jim_Jordan: FISA Reform markup tomorrow in Judiciary.

Remember, AG Bill Barr used the term "political surveillance" to describe what t…
They spied on my campaign! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Big Rally in the Great State of South Carolina on Friday. See you there!
.@RepKevinBrady (R) of Texas-08 loves Texas & our Country. He has been a GREAT Congressman & supporter of #MAGA. Strong on Crime, Border, Military, Vets and your 2A, he is the best Tax Cutter in D.C. Kevin has my Complete & Total Endorsement. Vote on March 3rd. Thank you!
RT @WhiteHouse: "I'd like to extend my deepest condolences to the victims and families in Milwaukee, Wisconsin." — President @realDonaldTru…
RT @SaraCarterDC: Court Rules Trump Admin Can Withhold Federal Grants From Sanctuary Cities 
Nancy has allowed her District to go down more than any other in the USA! Hardly even recognizable. 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Low Ratings Fake News MSDNC (Comcast) & @CNN are doing everything possible to make the Caronavirus look as bad as poss…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Crazy, chaotic Democrat Debate last night. Fake News said Biden did well, even though he said half of our population w…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....during a debate). Pocahontas was mean, & undisciplined, mostly aiming at Crazy Bernie and Mini Mike. They don’t kn…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be having a News Conference at the White House, on this subject, today at 6:00 P.M. CDC representatives, and ot…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Big Story, Big Win - Except in the Fake News, which won’t cover it!
RT @GOPChairwoman: Democrats in Congress have obstructed @realDonaldTrump at every turn, but he is delivering on his promise to build the w…
RT @GOPChairwoman: People are tired of Democrats ripping up @realDonaldTrump’s SOTU, yelling at each other over who is more of a shill for…
My two great friends. Proud of you both! 
Eric, I can live with that! 
Piers, I like you too! 
RT @tonykatz: Check out the press conference on @93wibc at 6pmET
Big Rally in the Great State of South Carolina on Friday. See you there!
“Every poll you look at shows that Black support for President Trump is growing.” @RealCandaceO @MariaBartiromo
Big Story, Big Win - Except in the Fake News, which won’t cover it! 
....during a debate). Pocahontas was mean, & undisciplined, mostly aiming at Crazy Bernie and Mini Mike. They don’t know how to handle her, but I know she is a “chocker”. Steyer was a disaster who, along with Mini, are setting records in $’s per vote. Just give me an opponent!
Crazy, chaotic Democrat Debate last night. Fake News said Biden did well, even though he said half of our population was shot to death. Would be OVER for most. Mini Mike was weak and unsteady, but helped greatly by his many commercials (which are not supposed to be allowed....
I will be having a News Conference at the White House, on this subject, today at 6:00 P.M. CDC representatives, and others, will be there. Thank you!
Low Ratings Fake News MSDNC (Comcast) & @CNN are doing everything possible to make the Caronavirus look as bad as possible, including panicking markets, if possible. Likewise their incompetent Do Nothing Democrat comrades are all talk, no action. USA in great shape! @CDCgov.....
Just landed. India was great, trip very successful. Heading to the White House. Meetings and calls scheduled today. @CDCgov, @SecAzar and all doing a great job with respect to Coronavirus! Briefing this afternoon.
RT @CDCgov: There is currently no reported community spread of #COVID19 in the US. People should follow everyday measures to prevent the sp…
RT @realDonaldTrump: CDC and my Administration are doing a GREAT job of handling Coronavirus, including the very early closing of our borde…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Democrats talking point is that we are doing badly. If the virus disappeared tomorrow, they would say we did a rea…
“U.S. acted on the Coronavirus very, very quickly.” Gordon Chang  @IngrahamAngle
RT @TocRadio: in case you were wondering, YES, Trump apparently was watching the #DemDebate on his flight back to Washington, DC from India…
RT @DailyCaller: Can The Right Build On Trump’s Social Media Success? One Nonprofit Is Betting On It 
RT @DailyCaller: Joe Biden Claims A Whopping 150 Million People Have Been Killed By Guns Since 2007 
RT @marklevinshow: Obama appointed Judge Jackson has gone rogue

RT @marklevinshow: MSNBC falling in line behind Sanders

RT @marklevinshow: Jackson is hyper-political and undermining judicial integrity

RT @NextRevFNC: .@KayleighMcEnany: 27% of people who registered to attend Trump rally in Las Vegas, NV were Black and Latino, and 32% didn'…
RT @kayleighmcenany: “I’m with a veterans’ group that meets every 2nd Thursday at IHOP & there’s at least 30 veterans there — most of them…
RT @NextRevFNC: .@KayleighMcEnany: "You can't beat President Trump who's breaking records  in polling, breaking records in economic satisfa…
RT @kayleighmcenany: You are the best @TimMurtaugh — a talented communications director & great leader of our team!
RT @kayleighmcenany: “We are a qualified opportunity fund thanks to President @realDonaldTrump.”

“We need 4 more years because we need the…
Thank you! 
RT @JennaEllisEsq: Clear winner of the #DemDebate is @realDonaldTrump!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
RT @LouDobbs: #LDTPoll Should Congress refuse to re-authorize the FISA courts until the American people can be assured we will never see a…
RT @LouDobbs: Controlling the Pandemic: Dr. Anthony Fauci says travel restrictions from China puts America a step ahead of Coronavirus outb…
Russia wants him to win! 
An absolute disgrace! 
RT @LouDobbs: Constraining the Pandemic: @SecAzar praises @POTUS’ historically aggressive efforts to control the coronavirus in the U.S. #A…
RT @LouDobbs: Protecting Liberty: @Jim_Jordan says we have the opportunity to make fundamental changes and defend basic freedoms by holding…
RT @WhiteHouse: THANK YOU, India! 🇺🇸🇮🇳 
52% in the new Rasmussen Poll. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....Democrats talking point is that we are doing badly. If the virus disappeared tomorrow, they would say we did a really poor, and even incompetent, job. Not fair, but it is what it is. So far, by the way, we have not had one death. Let’s keep it that way!
CDC and my Administration are doing a GREAT job of handling Coronavirus, including the very early closing of our borders to certain areas of the world. It was opposed by the Dems, “too soon”, but turned out to be the correct decision. No matter how well we do, however, the.....
RT @johnnydollar01: Fox News Dominates Basic Cable for 44 Consecutive Months, Crushes Cable News 218 Straight Months
FNC Finishes Month as…
That is because they cover your favorite President relatively well. @CNN & MSDNC are dying in the ratings! 
No surprise! 
RT @GOPLeader: Acquitted for life. 
RT @jaketapper: CNN: US intelligence briefer appears to have overstated assessment of 2020 Russian interference, from ⁦@JDiamond1⁩ ⁦@Zcohen…
RT @gr8tjude_08: Cruz scorches Sotomayor over court critique, turns tables on her dissent 
True, but we are getting it all done! 
RT @gr8tjude_08: Trey Gowdy to Intelligence Officials: 
Stop Briefing ‘Leaker’ Adam Schiff! 

RT @BrandonBeckham_: @realDonaldTrump "Our Justice system has to be impartial." -@JennaEllisEsq

#RogerStone deserved an impartial jury. Pr…
A total miscarriage of justice! 
There has rarely been a juror so tainted as the forewoman in the Roger Stone case. Look at her background. She never revealed her hatred of “Trump” and Stone. She was totally biased, as is the judge. Roger wasn’t even working on my campaign. Miscarriage of justice. Sad to watch!
RT @PMOIndia: यह संबंध, 21वीं सदी की सबसे महत्वपूर्ण पार्टनरशिप्स में है।  
 
और इसलिए आज राष्ट्रपति Trump और मैंने हमारे सम्बन्धों को Comp…
RT @narendramodi: Yet another excellent meeting and talks with my friend @realDonaldTrump.

Relations between India and USA are not merely…
RT @Scavino45: 
RT @Scavino45: 
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is complaining, for publicity purposes only, that I should be asking for more money than $2.5 Billion to prepare for Coronavirus. If I asked for more he would say it is too much. He didn’t like my early travel closings. I was right. He is incompetent!
RT @Judgenap: Roger Stone judge's bias may have jeopardized entire trial...

RT @rashtrapatibhvn: LIVE: Ceremonial welcome of President @realDonaldTrump at Rashtrapati Bhavan 
“Sotomayor accuses GOP appointed Justices  of being biased in favor of Trump.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews  This is a terrible thing to say. Trying to “shame” some into voting her way? She never criticized Justice Ginsberg when she called me a “faker”. Both should recuse themselves..
....on all Trump, or Trump related, matters! While “elections have consequences”, I only ask for fairness, especially when it comes to decisions made by the United States Supreme Court!
..It has been a scam right from the beginning with the illegally started Mueller Report, FISA, the leaking, lying & more. Schiff should not have access to Intelligence, he is a corrupt pol. “Amazing that they went to Bernie Sanders, but not to President Trump.” @marthamaccallum
“U.S. Intelligence official overstated assessment of Russian efforts to help Trump.” @FoxNews @GreggJarrett They supposedly told Crazy Bernie that Russia was looking at him, not me. This is all a big scam between Intel and the Democrats. They want Bernie OUT, & hate “Trump”.
Spelled @GiannoCaldwell!
Great new book just out, “Taken for Granted, How Conservatives Can Win Back Americans That Liberalism Failed”, by Gianni Caldwell, a young winner! He will be at the Ronald Reagan Library, Simi Valley, California, on Thursday at 6 PM, PT. Check it out!
RT @GOP: “The Republican Party has nearly eight times as much cash-on-hand as the Democratic Party in the heat of the 2020 primary season.”…
RT @yalinunez: .@BernieSanders , I lived and went to school in #Cuba for 15 years.

You have NO IDEA of you are talking about.

Not in the…
RT @GOP: From wanting to nationalize America’s major industries to banning fracking which could gut nearly 15 million jobs, Bernie Sanders’…
RT @GOP: “America loves India, America respects India, and America will always be faithful and loyal friends to the Indian people!” -@realD…
RT @rww_gop: The U.S. will never be a socialist country.
 
“All Americans are united with the Venezuelan people in their righteous struggle…
RT @jepence: ICYMI @BernieSanders 

*socialism* is the destructive force in #Venezuela causing 1 in 3 people to live in hunger right now.
h…
RT @GOP: Have you activated your 2020 Sustaining Membership yet? 
 
Winning in November is going to take every grassroots conservative step…
RT @GOP: “On behalf of the entire American people...thank you all for the contributions your culture and traditions have made to my beloved…
Totally correct! 
RT @Jim_Jordan: Comey’s FBI abused the FISA process to spy on a presidential campaign.

Time to fix it.


The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA. We are in contact with everyone and all relevant countries. CDC & World Health have been working hard and very smart. Stock Market starting to look very good to me!
Set up by Schiff’s lies & leaks. Same with the Mueller Witch Hunt 3 years ago! 
THANK YOU @NarendraModi!🇺🇸🇮🇳 
RT @Scavino45: 🇺🇸🇮🇳 
RT @dcexaminer: 'Party of jobs': Ted Cruz predicts blue-collar boom will make difference for GOP in 2020 
RT @GOP: President @realDonaldTrump’s Administration is COMMITTED to helping Americans struggling with mental illness.
 
The President’s ne…
RT @GOP: MUST WATCH: Alice Marie Johnson tells the stories of three of the women whose sentences were commuted by President @realDonaldTrum…
RT @GOP: “What is going on here on the Democrat side is this is a nomination process being run by the extreme left fringe of the Democratic…
RT @GOP: At a packed rally in Las Vegas on Friday, President Trump highlighted his historic agenda.
 
Nevadans want #FourMoreYears and know…
RT @KatrinaCampins: HUGE Latino support in Miami today for @realDonaldTrump @POTUS !!! Centro, Sur y Norte America! No Socialismo, No Comun…
RT @KatrinaPierson: Alaska is ready to re-elect @realDonaldTrump #KAG2020🇺🇸 
RT @PressSec: “The First Lady and I have just traveled 8,000 miles around the globe to deliver a message to every citizen across this natio…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump delivered remarks alongside Prime Minister @narendramodi at the world's largest cricket stadium!…
RT @WhiteHouse: Commerce between the U.S. and India has increased by more than 40% since President @realDonaldTrump took office.

India is…
RT @Lrihendry: @realDonaldTrump BEST President and First Lady Ever! 

I am busting with pride!
RT @PlaysTrumpCard: @Lrihendry @realDonaldTrump President Trump & Prime Minister Modi have brought the USA and India closer in friendship t…
Thank you Lori, so true! 
मैं  इसी  लिए भारत आया हूँ, सद्भावना और प्रेम के साथ ताकि हम अपनी अभिलाषा  प्रतीक अपनी सांझेदारी और अविश्वसनीय  विस्तार  सकें l 
Our two national constitutions both begin with the same three beautiful words: “We the people.” That means that in America and India alike, we honor, respect, trust, empower, and fight for the citizens we proudly serve! 🇺🇸🇮🇳 
अमेरिका और भारत अपने देशों को मजबूत बनाएँगे,  अपने लोगों को सम्पन्न बनाएँगे, बड़े सपने देखने वालों को और बड़ा बनाएँगे और अपना भविष्य पहले से कहीं अधिक उज्जवल बनाएँगे... और यह तो शुरुआत ही है।
प्रथम महिला और मैं इस देश के हर नागरिक को एक सन्देश देने के लिए दुनिया का 8000 मील का चक्कर लगा कर यहां आये हैं l अमेरिका भारत को  प्रेम करता है - अमेरिका भारत का सम्मान करता है - और 
अमरीका के लोग हमेशा भारत के लोगों के सच्चे और निष्ठावान दोस्त रहेंगे l 
हम भारत आने के लिए तत्पर हैं । हम रास्ते में हैँ, कुछ ही घंटों में हम सबसे मिलेंगे!
RT @narendramodi: India looks forward to welcoming @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. 

It is an honour that he will be with us tomorrow, starting wi…
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a Record. 218 Federal Judges, also a Record. 2 Supreme Court Justices. Thank you!
Crazy Bernie and the Democrats should see this. I have done far more for the African American community than any President. Secured funding for HBCUs, Criminal Justice Reform, Opportunity Zones, School Choice, Record Low Unemployment, and so much more. THE BEST IS YET TO COME! 
Crazy Bernie and the Democrats should see this. I I have done more 
Jeff Van Drew is a Courageous Leader that left the Do Nothing Democrats to better serve the Great people of New Jersey. HAPPY BIRTHDAY @CongressmanJVD!
Are any Democrat operatives, the DNC, or Crooked Hillary Clinton, blaming Russia, Russia, Russia for the Bernie Sanders win in Nevada. If so I suggest calling Bob Mueller & the 13 Angry Democrats to do a new Mueller Report, Democrat Edition. Bob will get to the bottom of it!
Somebody please tell incompetent (thanks for my high poll numbers) & corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff to stop leaking Classified information or, even worse, made up information, to the Fake News Media. Someday he will be caught, & that will be a very unpleasant experience!
Look forward to being with all of my friends and supporters @CPAC on Saturday, February 29th! #KAG2020 
RT @USMC: Seventy-five years ago today during the Battle of #IwoJima75, Marines claimed Mount Suribachi and raised the American flag at its…
Departing for India with Melania! 
RT @DanScavino: 
Just another Shifty Schiff leak. Isn’t there a law about this stuff? 
“The Kremlin is reportedly backing Bernie Sanders bid to win the White House.” Jon Scott  @FoxNews  Why didn’t somebody tell me this?
Looks like Crazy Bernie is doing well in the Great State of Nevada. Biden & the rest look weak, & no way Mini Mike can restart his campaign after the worst debate performance in the history of Presidential Debates. Congratulations Bernie, & don’t let them take it away from you!
RT @mattgaetz: Zeldin is absolutely correct.

Kash is a Patriot.
RT @fonzy1984: @RubinReport What about the Hispanic vote? Hispanics might shy away with immigration effecting them as it has effected me bu…
RT @OsigahK: Disclaimer: 

“I am a proud black Trump supporter. Please do not approach me with your BS when you see me in my Trump attire.…
Look so forward to being with my great friends in INDIA! 
RT @oliviaintheusa: Outside of a Denny’s restaurant this morning, @SherryMAGA and I had this #VeteranForTrump named Mike come give us a hug…
Wow, great foresight! 
Democrats in the Great State of Nevada (Which, because of the Economy, Jobs, the Military & Vets, I will win in November), be careful of Russia, Russia, Russia. According to Corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff, they are pushing for Crazy Bernie Sanders to win. Vote!
“An investigation into NOTHING.” The wonderful @trish_regan on the Mueller Witch Hunt!
Incredible people, great Rally! 
RT @katrina_wiser: ICE Arrests 2 Illegal Aliens in CA Courthouse, Flouting New State Law 

“Our officers will not have their hands tied by…
RT @johncardillo: Friend of mine, a JAG lawyer, just made an interesting point about Russia/Sanders,

“Wait, I thought the protocol was to…
RT @charliekirk11: Did you know:

Russia donated over $145,000,000 to the Clinton Foundation

Hillary Clinton sold 20% America’s Uranium to…
RT @seanmdav: What a coincidence that Russia always happens to support whoever the Democrat party elites are trying to destroy at any given…
RT @prayingmedic: San Diego Sheriff's Department is the first to announce its cooperation with ICE.
They will share information about crimi…
RT @Jamierodr14: BAM! 

Trey Gowdy Slams the NYT report claiming Russia is trying to help get President Trump reelected in November. 

This…
RT @RealJamesWoods: Cleaning the garlic from the pantry before the vampire party starts... #DemocratsHateAmerica
RT @KimStrassel: Donald Trump, Mastermind: Liberals detect a devious cover-up plot with Bill Barr. 
RT @BuckSexton: Then again, let’s be honest: if you’re Putin, you probably do want to sit across the negotiating table from a guy who honey…
RT @BuckSexton: What a coincidence, right before Nevada!

Starting to think the reason Bernie bros are so angry is they realize the Democra…
RT @BuckSexton: There is no more obvious and pathetic sign of Democrats’ panic about the upcoming 2020 election than the convenient return…
Good luck Angela! 
RT @ByronYork: Amusing: First Bloomberg called for Biden, Buttigieg, Klobuchar to quit race. Hey, all you losers, leave it to Mike! Now, Te…
Simply put, he choked! 
RT @k_ovfefe2: Here's a "Bernie is Putin's puppet" meme for no particular reason 
....The reason for this is that the Do Nothing Democrats, using disinformation Hoax number 7, don’t want Bernie Sanders to get the Democrat Nomination, and they figure this would be very bad for his chances. It’s all rigged, again, against Crazy Bernie Sanders!
MSDNC (Comcast Slime), @CNN and others of the Fake Media, have now added Crazy Bernie to the list of Russian Sympathizers, along with @TulsiGabbard & Jill Stein (of the Green Party), both agents of Russia, they say. But now they report President Putin wants Bernie (or me) to win.
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, & every walk of life. We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy & enthusiasm. We are welcoming Americans of all parties & political persuasions to join our incredible movement to #MAGA! 
THANK YOU Las Vegas, Nevada! I was delighted to be back in a state I love, with proud, hardworking PATRIOTS. With your help, this November, we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Democrats, and we are going to win Nevada in a landslide! #KAG2020 

ON MY WAY! #KAG2020🇺🇸

So @TeamCavuto has very bad ratings on @foxnews with his Fake guests like A.B.Stoddard and others that still haven’t figured it all out. Will he get the same treatment as his friend Shepherd Smith, who also suffered from the ratings drought?
@SenateGOP Highest Trump Poll Numbers EVER! Thank you!
RT @SenBillCassidy: January #JobsReport:

✅225,000 new jobs added
✅50-year record low unemployment at 3.6%
✅More than 7 million jobs create…
RT @SteveDaines: Obama sure didn’t build this economy... @realDonaldTrump cut taxes, cut regulations and the economy boomed! 
RT @JohnBoozman: Our servicemembers stand ready to defend our interests each day. Meeting w/military leaders on the ground allows us to see…
RT @RoyBlunt: ▶️ Unemployment is at a nearly 50-year low
▶️ Consumer confidence is soaring
▶️ Americans are entering, and succeeding, in th…
RT @JimInhofe: Happy 79th birthday to @USCGReserve! For 79 years, the #USCGR has protected the homeland and kept our ports safe. Thank you…
RT @SenateGOP: American workers from ALL backgrounds are WINNING in our strong, healthy and growing economy!
 
As we continue to honor #Bla…
RT @McConnellPress: At @senatemajldr’s request, the Trump Administration deployed the advanced Unified Method using electronic technology t…
RT @senatemajldr: Individuals trapped in a cycle of addiction often need assistance to find living & employment, which are vital to their l…
Mitch and I have made great progress. Coming back fast! 
Four great candidates are under consideration at DNI. Decision within next few weeks!
Great! 
RT @RFERL: A week-long "reduction in violence" between the Taliban and U.S. and Afghan security forces will begin at midnight local time. h…
RT @SecKermani: The week long "Reduction in Violence" agreed between US-Taliban negotiators will begin at midnight tonight Afghan officials…
RT @LucasFoxNews: Sr. State Dept. official: The “reduction in violence” will start tonight Afghanistan time and if properly implemented the…
RT @statedeptspox: .@SecPompeo announced that the U.S. reached an understanding with the Taliban on a significant, nationwide reduction in…
RT @SecPompeo: After decades of conflict, we have come to an understanding with the Taliban on a significant reduction in violence across #…
Another misinformation campaign is being launched by Democrats in Congress saying that Russia prefers me to any of the Do Nothing Democrat candidates who still have been unable to, after two weeks, count their votes in Iowa. Hoax number 7!
IF OUR FORMALLY TARGETED FARMERS NEED ADDITIONAL AID UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE TRADE DEALS WITH CHINA, MEXICO, CANADA AND OTHERS FULLY KICK IN, THAT AID WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT, PAID FOR OUT OF THE MASSIVE TARIFF MONEY COMING INTO THE USA!
RT @DanScavino: “I’m a BIG FAN of @realDonaldTrump.” @MikeBloomberg🤗 
RT @DanScavino: “I know @realDonaldTrump, he’s a GREAT GUY.” @MikeBloomberg👏 
RT @DanScavino: .@MikeBloomberg is paying millions of $ for social media influencers and shitty memes while @realDonaldTrump is paying zero…
RT @DanScavino: ⚠️#TDSWarning🤯

“When he was done remodeling he put one Trump flag in the window....and he got a letter from somebody that…
“She should never have been on that jury. Everything about this stinks.” @JudgeJeanine @seanhannity @FoxNews
Great Rally In Colorado. Thank you, will be back soon!
RT @JuddPDeere45: .@RichardGrenell is my friend and a tremendous public servant. His appointment by @realDonaldTrump is historic, making hi…
Thank you to our great US Ambassador to Germany, @RichardGrenell, for stepping in to serve as acting DNI. I will be nominating a terrific candidate for the job very soon. Stay tuned!
I was thrilled to be back in Colorado Springs tonight, beneath the majestic peaks of the Rocky Mountains, with thousands of terrific, hardworking American Patriots. With your help, this November, we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Dems, and we are going to WIN Colorado! 
RT @TeamTrump: LIVE: President Trump in Colorado Springs, CO #TrumpRallyCO

Text TRUMP to 88022 
Wow, thank you — on my way!! 
Just arrived in Colorado, see everyone soon! 
Could somebody at @foxnews please explain to Trump hater A.B. Stoddard (zero talent!) and @TeamCavuto, that I won every one of my debates, from beginning to end. Check the polls taken immediately after the debates. The debates got me elected. Must be Fox Board Member Paul Ryan!
It was my great honor to deliver the commencement address at the @LVMPD’s Hope for Prisoners Graduation Ceremony today, where we reaffirmed that America is a nation that believes in REDEMPTION! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump gives Hope for Prisoners commencement address! 
“The real winner last night was Donald Trump.” Mini Mike Bloomberg. I agree!
“The decision not to prosecute Andy McCabe is utterly inexplicable.” @Judgenap  @HARRISFAULKNER @FoxNews
“I don’t think there’s any chance whatsoever of Senator Sanders defeating President Trump.” Mini Mike Bloomberg. Mini, there’s even less chance, especially after watching your debate performance last night, of you winning the Democrat nomination...But I hope you do!
John Kerry and Senator Chris Murphy grossly violated the Logan Act with respect to Iran. If a Republican did what they did, there would be very serious ramifications!
“They say Roger Stone lied to Congress.” @CNN  OH, I see, but so did Comey (and he also leaked classified information, for which almost everyone, other than Crooked Hillary Clinton, goes to jail for a long time), and so did Andy McCabe, who also lied to the FBI! FAIRNESS?
RT @realDonaldTrump: This is the REAL Mini Mike. He admitted, many times, that he is “a fan of Donald Trump. He’s a New York ICON.” Thank y…
This makes Mini Mike look good compared to his performance last night. Worst debate performance in history! 
RT @ericbolling: While the @dccc tries to figure out what went wrong after having 3 years to prepare for #IowaCaucuses-

The @GOP results:…
RT @GOPChairwoman: The contrast at the #StateOfTheUnion will be clear:
 
@realDonaldTrump has a booming economy, countless successes like #…
RT @WhiteHouse: "America is a nation built by farmers." — President @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸 
RT @WhiteHouse: A Congressional delegation brought water accessibility issues to President @realDonaldTrump's attention—and he said "Let's…
A really great moment! 
RT @TeamTrump: While Democrats debate how they plan to destroy the country, President @realDonaldTrump is fighting for YOU!

#DemDebate htt…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump will be taking the stage in Phoenix shortly.

Here are some of the GREAT things he is doing for A…
RT @PressSec: Earlier today, President @realDonaldTrump delivered on his promise to protect the security of our homegrown food supply by si…
RT @PressSec: Arizona is BOOMING thanks to President @realDonaldTrump. Unemployment is falling & labor force participation is rising!

✅239…
RT @BorisEP: A billionaire is definitely winning this #DemDebate. 

It’s @realDonaldTrump. 
RT @GOPChairwoman: Who is actually delivering for Latinos? @realDonaldTrump.

✅ Record-low unemployment
✅ Record-low poverty rate
✅ Record-…
This is the REAL Mini Mike. He admitted, many times, that he is “a fan of Donald Trump. He’s a New York ICON.” Thank you Mike! 
.@JRubinBlogger (Jennifer Rubin), the wacko “conservative” of the @washingtonpost, must learn how to spell the name Bloomberg before it is too late & he is gone! 
Mini Mike Bloomberg’s debate performance tonight was perhaps the worst in the history of debates, and there have been some really bad ones. He was stumbling, bumbling and grossly incompetent. If this doesn’t knock him out of the race, nothing will. Not so easy to do what I did!
Thank you Arizona! With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep ON WINNING! America is thriving like never before, and the BEST IS YET TO COME! 
“What has happened to Roger Stone should never happen to anyone in our Country again.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
The Democrat party is the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total destruction of your Second Amendment. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! 
A beautiful evening in Phoenix, Arizona with Great American Patriots. THANK YOU! 
Wow! 
....for the wonderful job he has done, and we look forward to working with him closely, perhaps in another capacity within the Administration!
I am pleased to announce that our highly respected Ambassador to Germany, @RichardGrenell, will become the Acting Director of National Intelligence. Rick has represented our Country exceedingly well and I look forward to working with him. I would like to thank Joe Maguire....
I AM ON MY WAY, SEE YOU SOON! 
RT @TeamTrump: Here is the line for the Trump Rally in Phoenix tonight!

HUGE!

#TrumpRallyPhoenix 
RT @DanScavino: WOW! President @realDonaldTrump is departing Bakersfield, California for Phoenix, Arizona — now! 

#TrumpRallyPhoenix #KAG2…
Heading to Arizona, big rally and big crowd! #MAGA #KAG2020
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump Delivers Remarks on Water Accessibility 
RT @kevinomccarthy: Can’t wait to be home. See you soon Bakersfield! #KAG2020 🇺🇸 
RT @USMC: Today marks 75 years since the Marine Corps launched an amphibious assault onto the island of Iwo Jima, beginning one of the bloo…
Rod Blagojevich did not sell the Senate seat. He served 8 years in prison, with many remaining. He paid a big price. Another Comey and gang deal! Thank you to @LisaMarieBoothe who really “gets” what’s going on! @FoxNews
Internal REAL Polls show I am beating all of the Dem candidates. The Fake News Polls (here we go again, just like 2016) show losing or tied. Their polls will be proven corrupt on November 3rd, just like the Fake News is corrupt!
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts, the Mueller Scam, the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy, Jobs, Military, Ve…
RT @Bhuvanbagga: The world's newest & biggest #cricket stadium -- also the venue of joint Modi-Trump visit in western #India's Gujarat stat…
RT @IndiaToday: Here's all that you need to know about US President Donald Trump's visit to India.
#ITVideo 
More videos: 
RT @WIONews: #NamasteTrump | A 22-kilometre long roadshow is planned in Ahmedabad to welcome the United States President @realDonaldTrump o…
RT @ANI: #WATCH US President Donald Trump in Washington on his visit to India: I happen to like PM Modi a lot. He told me we will have 7 mi…
I would like to thank John Rood for his service to our Country, and wish him well in his future endeavors! 
Highest Stock Market In History, By Far!
Is corrupt Bloomberg News going to say what a pathetic debater Mini Mike is, that he doesn’t respect our great farmers, or that he has violated campaign finance laws at the highest and most sinister level with “payoffs” all over the place?
RT @seanmdav: You all but accused Michael Flynn of treason for talking to world leaders on behalf of the incoming president.

And now you w…
RT @TomFitton: .@JudicialWatch doing the heavy lifting exposing the worst corruption scandal in American history.
RT @TomFitton: Speaking of the Logan Act....
Kerry & Murphy illegally violated the Logan Act. This is why Iran is not making a deal. Must be dealt with strongly! 
RT @TomFitton: Barr should clean house at DOJ...@realDonalldTrump,was the victim of a seditious conspiracy out of DOJ/FBI, etc. President T…
RT @TomFitton: President @realDonaldTrump has a positive constitutional obligation to speak up about DOJ corruption. 
RT @TomFitton: Breaking: @realDonaldTrump is the President. 

Reagan ordered halt of a criminal grand jury investigation against British Ai…
RT @TomFitton: Over 11 years ago, FBI interviewed Barack Obama about sale of his Senate seat. There's a  FBI "302" report of interview.

Ra…
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton: "[The Deep State] is concerned that AG Barr might do the right thing and they are desperate to do everythin…
RT @TomFitton: Meanwhile, Obama gang interfered in Russia election interference investigation to protect Obama's emails while crookedly spy…
RT @TomFitton: The coup cabal is worried about Barr:... 
RT @TomFitton: FISA Fraud of Historic Proportions And DOJ is Complaining About @realDonaldTrump's Tweets? Remarkable.
RT @RepLeeZeldin: The more drained out the swamp gets, the more the swamp creatures act out in protest.
RT @RepMarkMeadows: The FBI lied to the FISA Court 17 times, using knowingly false info in FISA applications, concealed exonerating evidenc…
RT @RepMarkMeadows: A brazen attempt at gaslighting from the media here.

We have a long documented trail and an IG report showing high lev…
RT @RepLeeZeldin: “When law ends, tyranny begins.”

The Trump-Russia collusion hoax was rigged w/gross misconduct!

The targeting of AG Bar…
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Angry is a big time understatement. Pelosi, Schiff, and Nadler should be stripped of their gavels and the Dems should be…
There must be JUSTICE. This can never happen to a President, or our Country, again! 
Congratulations to Eddie DeBartolo Jr. and your wonderful family of friends! 
RT @alx: I’m in tears 😂 
RT @DanScavino: 
...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts, the Mueller Scam, the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy, Jobs, Military, Vets, 2A & more, I would be at 70%. Oh well, what can you do? 
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG2020 
RT @alx: I’m in tears 😂 
I hope the Federal Judges Association will discuss the tremendous FISA Court abuse that has taken place with respect to the Mueller Investigation Scam, including the forging of documents and knowingly using the fake and totally discredited Dossier before the Court. Thank you!
Mini Mike. No, I would rather run against you!
...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts, the Mueller Scam, the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy, Jobs, Military, Vets, 2A & more, I would be at 70%. Oh well, what can you do? 
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG2020 
.....Mini is illegally buying the Democrat Nomination. They are taking it away from Bernie again. Mini Mike, Major Party Nominations are not for sale! Good luck in the debate tomorrow night and remember, no standing on boxes!
What Mini Mike is doing is nothing less than a large scale illegal campaign contribution. He is “spreading” money all over the place, only to have recipients of his cash payments, many former opponents, happily joining or supporting his campaign. Isn’t that called a payoff? .....
Chris Jacobs will be a great Congressman who will always fight for the people of New York. He supports our #MAGA Agenda, will continue to Secure Our Border, Loves our Military, Vets, and is Strong on the #2A. Chris has my Complete Endorsement for the Special Election on 4/28!
The Mayor’s efforts to shield illegal aliens endangers the lives of the public and law enforcement who have to go into the field to apprehend those released. He shouldn’t be urging illegals to beat the system, he should be urging them to safely turn themselves in! 
RT @DHS_Wolf: Building a border wall system, at one time, was very bipartisan and nonpolitical. It's only now that some are choosing politi…
...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts, the Mueller Scam, the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy, Jobs, Military, Vets, 2A & more, I would be at 70%. Oh well, what can you do? 
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG2020 
.....existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President & the people who support him. Don’t you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury.’ Pretty obvious he should (get a new trial). I think almost any judge in the Country.....
.....would order a new trial, I’m not so sure about Judge Jackson, I don’t know.” @Judgenap (Andrew Napolitano) @foxandfriends
“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous & self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. ‘Madam foreperson, you’re a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the....
....product and goods to China and other countries. That’s what trade is all about. We don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us. That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else. As an example, I want China to buy our jet engines, the best in the World....
....I have seen some of the regulations being circulated, including those being contemplated by Congress, and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States, not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed, with no excuses...
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
The United States cannot, & will not, become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product, including for the always used National Security excuse, that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. We want to sell...
“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous & self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. ‘Madam foreperson, you’re a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the....
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
....I have seen some of the regulations being circulated, including those being contemplated by Congress, and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States, not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed, with no excuses...
....product and goods to China and other countries. That’s what trade is all about. We don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us. That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else. As an example, I want China to buy our jet engines, the best in the World....
The United States cannot, & will not, become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product, including for the always used National Security excuse, that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. We want to sell...
The Crooked DNC is working overtime to take the Democrat Nomination away from Bernie, AGAIN! Watch what happens to the Super Delegates in Round Two. A Rigged Convention!
....BUT MAYBE I STILL WILL. WITCH HUNT!
....badly tainted and, in my opinion, should be thrown out. Even Mueller’s statement to Congress that he did not see me to become the FBI Director (again), has been proven false. The whole deal was a total SCAM. If I wasn’t President, I’d be suing everyone all over the place...
These were Mueller prosecutors, and the whole Mueller investigation was illegally set up based on a phony and now fully discredited Fake Dossier, lying and forging documents to the FISA Court, and many other things. Everything having to do with this fraudulent investigation is...
.....existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President & the people who support him. Don’t you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury.’ Pretty obvious he should (get a new trial). I think almost any judge in the Country.....
.....would order a new trial, I’m not so sure about Judge Jackson, I don’t know.” @Judgenap (Andrew Napolitano) @foxandfriends
“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous & self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. ‘Madam foreperson, your a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the.....
RT @XfinityRacing: You didn't think we were getting through this without the Big One, right? #DAYTONA500 
RT @NASCARONFOX: Here is the final lap of the Daytona 500 in which Ryan Newman's car was flipped at the line. 

We will continue to keep yo…
RT @NASCAR: 
Thank you Clint! 
RT @Jim_Jordan: The “Whistleblower” who started the impeachment sham was biased against the President, worked with Joe Biden, and met with…
Praying for Ryan Newman, a great and brave @NASCAR driver! #PrayingForRyan
....ever. Had to rebuild our military, which was totally depleted. Fed Rate UP, taxes and regulations WAY DOWN. If Dems won in 2016, the USA would be in big economic (Depression?) & military trouble right now. THE BEST IS YET TO COME. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Did you hear the latest con job? President Obama is now trying to take credit for the Economic Boom taking place under the Trump Administration. He had the WEAKEST recovery since the Great Depression, despite Zero Fed Rate & MASSIVE quantitative easing. NOW, best jobs numbers....
Completion of the Daytona 500 on Fox Network now. Enjoy!
RT @realDonaldTrump: #DAYTONA500 
“They tried to Impeach the President eight times before this last Impeachment trial that we went through. In Arizona, people are tired of their obstruction, their investigations, and their Impeachments. They want them to get to work.” @SenMcSallyAZ  @foxandfriends  Thanks Martha
HAPPY PRESIDENT’S DAY!
RT @CBSNews: Trump praised "pure American glory" at Daytona 500 before taking lap in "The Beast" 
RT @NASCAR: The President of the United States gives the command for the 2020 #DAYTONA500. 
RT @meridithmcgraw: Scenes from President Trump’s visit to Daytona 500 
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Trump gave remarks at the Daytona 500 pre-race ceremony, stood on the track for the national anthem and prayer, and ga…
RT @SharylAttkisson: Trump makes presidential history at Daytona 500 race 
#DAYTONA500 
Last week the Fake News said that a section of our powerful, under construction, Southern Border Wall “fell over”, trying to make it sound terrible, except the reason was that the concrete foundation was just poured & soaking wet when big winds kicked in. Quickly fixed “forever”.
Getting ready to go to the Daytona 500. Will be GREAT!
RT @SenatorTimScott: Joined @cvpayne on @FoxBusiness this afternoon to talk about how my Opportunity Zones are working across the nation fo…
RT @senatemajldr: Senate Democrats spent years saying “when it comes to Iran, we should never take the military option off the table.”

But…
RT @SenToddYoung: As the latest #jobs report shows – tax relief, regulatory reform, and trade deals like #USMCA are fueling our economy & p…
RT @SenJohnThune: While Dems continue to peddle their socialist fantasies, GOP economic policies have made life better for Americans.

And…
RT @SenateGOP: Our booming economy is drawing Americans off the sidelines and BACK TO WORK at the highest rate in 30 years! 
 
✅ More Jobs…
RT @SenJoniErnst: With 225,000 jobs created last month alone, the U.S. economy is continuing to fire on all cylinders! 
RT @SenJohnThune: Thanks to GOP economic policies, more Americans are working, & the economy is thriving. While the larger economy continue…
RT @SenateGOP: Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

60% of Americans say they are financially better off now than they were a year ago.

And over 70…
RT @senatemajldr: #OnThisDay in 1809, Kentucky native Abraham Lincoln was born. Join me in celebrating the life of our 16th president. http…
RT @SenateGOP: On the Senate Floor, Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

A Socialist is now the front-runner for the Democrat nomination for preside…
RT @SenateGOP: ʀᴇᴍɪɴᴅᴇʀ

In killing Soleimani, @realdonaldtrump eliminated a terrorist mastermind who had been responsible for more America…
RT @SenateGOP: This February, we celebrate #BlackHistoryMonth to honor the successes, contributions, and advancements of African Americans…
RT @SenRickScott: Florida’s African American community has made everlasting contributions to our state’s past, present and future. 

Togeth…
RT @SenateGOP: While Democrats fumble around, a BLUE-COLLAR BOOM continues!

WATCH: 
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Economic freedom and free markets: Those are the engines of our economy. Socialism is an enemy of our economy. I think…
RT @SenRubioPress: Human trafficking remains an urgent human rights crisis and we must work together to #EndIt for good. Sen. Rubio joins t…
RT @SenMcSallyAZ: Over 60% of Americans feel optimistic about the economy & the future. The economic boom under @POTUS is real. 
RT @senatemajldr: In order to politically attack one President they do not like, Washington Democrats proved willing to attack our underlyi…
RT @SenateGOP: American workers are WINNING, and the numbers prove it.

See for yourself! 👇 
RT @SenateGOP: → Over 7 million new jobs

→ 50-year low unemployment

→ Wages continue to rise

No wonder Democrats are struggling to expla…
RT @ChuckGrassley: The Senate is back to wrk for the American ppl This wk 4 district court judges nominated by @realDonaldTrump were confir…
RT @SenateRPC: Almost a month ago, the Senate passed, and @POTUS signed, #USMCA. This agreement brought our country’s trade into the 21st c…
Thank you to @JackBrewerBSI for your kind words on the great progress we have made on our powerful African-American Agenda. For one, lowest unemployment numbers in USA history. Many other great records!  @foxandfriends  @FoxNews
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump's USMCA will have a tremendous effect on GDP! 
RT @ericbolling: Early on in 2015.. I saw something in  @realDonaldTrump and I predicted his win.

Some are trying to do the same thing...…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS welcomed the President and First Lady of Ecuador to the White House this week! 🇺🇸🇪🇨…
BIG PROGRESS! 
Remember, will be at Daytona 500 tomorrow!
RT @GOPChairwoman: While Democrats have tried to obstruct at every turn, @realDonaldTrump has nominated, and the Senate has confirmed 192 A…
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump’s policies have kicked America’s economic engine into high gear:
 
Last month marked the 23rd consecut…
RT @WhiteHouse: From day one, President @realDonaldTrump has fought to give our Border Patrol the resources they need. 

The results have b…
RT @TeamTrump: Not one more life should be stolen by a Sanctuary City.

President @realDonaldTrump is calling on Congress to give American…
RT @TeamTrump: From DAY ONE, President @realDonaldTrump fought to give Border Patrol Agents the resources they need.

The results have been…
Years ago the Democrats had the money to build the Wall, but they didn’t have any idea how to get it done. I am building it bigger and better than ever thought possible! 
RT @GOPChairwoman: I couldn’t agree more @LaraLeaTrump!
 
Socialist Democrats can’t compete with @realDonaldTrump’s “incredible track recor…
RT @Mike_Pence: Under President @realDonaldTrump’s leadership, more than 90 percent of the regulations that @ShopFloorNAM identified as hur…
RT @TeamTrump: Vice President @Mike_Pence at @Citadel1842: President @realDonaldTrump has the backs of our Men & Women in uniform! 
RT @Mike_Pence: President @realDonaldTrump promised the American people that he would bring back jobs and bring back manufacturing. He kept…
Thank you David! 
RT @DavidJHarrisJr: Proof it’s all about emotion to liberals! I’m not a small guy, and she was afraid of my @realDonaldTrump hat! 

Are You…
IG report on Andrew McCabe: Misled Investigators over roll in news media disclosure...Lacked Candor (Lied) on four separate occasions...Authotized Media Leaks to advance personal interests...IG RECOMMENDED MCCABE’S FIRING. @FoxNews @IngrahamAngle
.....biggest test of his presidency emboldened, ready to claim exoneration, and take his case of grievance, persecution and resentment to the campaign trail.” Peter Baker  @nytimes  The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
“Ralph Waldo Emerson seemed to foresee the lesson of the Senate Impeachment Trial of President Trump. ‘When you strike at the King, Emerson famously said, “you must kill him.’ Mr. Trump’s foes struck at him but did not take him down. A triumphant Mr.Trump emerges from the.....
RT @PaulSam27131285: THIS IS HILARIOUS
Mayor of Georgetown in the US excused himself to go & use the washroom in the middle of a meeting &…
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
Nice! 
Great honor, I think?  Mark Zuckerberg recently stated that “Donald J. Trump is Number 1 on Facebook. Number 2 is Prime Minister Modi of India.” Actually, I am going to India in two weeks. Looking forward to it!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I look forward to attending the Daytona 500 on Sunday with lots of my great friends from Florida, including the France…
.@LouieGohmertTX1 is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas! He fully supports our #MAGA and #KAG Agenda, Border WALL, Military, Vets, and your Second Amendment. Louie is my friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
I look forward to attending the Daytona 500 on Sunday with lots of my great friends from Florida, including the France family and @RepMichaelWaltz from #FL6. See you there, good luck to everyone! @NASCAR @SenRickScott @marcorubio @GovRonDeSantis 
Thank you Arnold, very nice. 
It has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland. We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators. Earlier this week, I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still pierce the soul....
....Today, @FLOTUS and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. We will hold Parkland forever in our hearts.
.@LouisGohmertTX1 is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas! He fully supports our #MAGA and #KAG Agenda, Border WALL, Military, Vets, and your Second Amendment. Louie is my friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
.@TomMcClintock is a strong Conservative Leader who will always fight for the people of California. He fully supports our #MAGA Agenda, will continue to Secure Our Border, Loves our Military & Vets, & is Strong on the #2A. Tom has my Complete Endorsement! 
.@JodeyArrington from the Great State of Texas has been an incredible supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. Jodey fully supports Securing our Border w/ the WALL, he Loves our Military & Vets, and is Strong on the #2A. Jodey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
.@MoInTheHouse Brooks is running for Congress in the Great State of Alabama. He is a huge supporter of the #MAGA Agenda. Mo fully supports Securing our Border w/the WALL, he Loves our Military & Vets, & is Strong on the #2A. Mo has my Complete Endorsement! 
“The Greatest name in politics,” Patrick @McHenryCampaign from the Great State of North Carolina, is a Conservative Fighter and a true Leader who ALWAYS supports our #MAGA Agenda. Patrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
....Today, @FLOTUS and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. We will hold Parkland forever in our hearts.
It has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland. We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators. Earlier this week, I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still piece the soul....
Thank you to the beautiful country of Cambodia for accepting the @CarnivalCruise ship Westerdam into your port. The United States will remember your courtesy! @MickyArison
It is happening again to Crazy Bernie, just like last time, only far more obvious. They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from him, and there’s very little he can do. A Rigged System!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney, many highly religious people, all very smart, voted against the Impeachment Hoax. @SenCapito was all in (a great person). I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer & Pelosi. That’s what he is!
I was very surprised & disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s totally partisan Impeachment Hoax. No President has done more for the great people of West Virginia than me (Pensions), and that will....
“President Trump, with smart policies, has done more to help the Black community than any President in the modern era.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
RT @realDonaldTrump: DRAIN THE SWAMP! We want bad people out of our government!
“The President has never asked me to do anything in a criminal case.” A.G. Barr  This doesn’t mean that I do not have, as President, the legal right to do so, I do, but I have so far chosen not to!
RT @DailyCaller: ‘Why Would I Not:’ Chiefs’ Bashaud Breeland Looking Forward To WH Visit After Super Bowl Win 
I’m seeing Governor Cuomo today at The White House. He must understand that National Security far exceeds politics. New York must stop all of its unnecessary lawsuits & harrassment, start cleaning itself up, and lowering taxes. Build relationships, but don’t bring Fredo!
....which he actually has a military and legal obligation to do. His incredible wife, Karen, who I have a lot of respect for, once pulled me aside & said strongly that “John respects you greatly. When we are no longer here, he will only speak well of you.” Wrong!
When I terminated John Kelly, which I couldn’t do fast enough, he knew full well that he was way over his head. Being Chief of Staff just wasn’t for him. He came in with a bang, went out with a whimper, but like so many X’s, he misses the action & just can’t keep his mouth shut,.
DRAIN THE SWAMP! We want bad people out of our government!
Mini Mike is a 5’4” mass of dead energy who does not want to be on the debate stage with these professional politicians. No boxes please. He hates Crazy Bernie and will, with enough money, possibly stop him. Bernie’s people will go nuts!
Mini Mike Bloomberg is a LOSER who has money but can’t debate and has zero presence, you will see. He reminds me of a tiny version of Jeb “Low Energy” Bush, but Jeb has more political skill and has treated the Black community much better than Mini! 
RT @StateDept: Full video (1/2): Today, Advisor to the President @IvankaTrump delivered remarks at the one-year anniversary of the launch o…
“Deven Nunes predicts that more examples of Mueller team misconduct will be revealed in coming weeks.” @seanhannity  @FoxNews
Now it looks like the fore person in the jury, in the Roger Stone case, had significant bias. Add that to everything else, and this is not looking good for the “Justice” Department. @foxandfriends @FoxNews
GREAT NEWS! #KAG2020🇺🇸 
.@ClaudiaTenney is a fantastic candidate running in New York, where she was a Great member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime, Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, and she Loves our Military and Vets. Claudia has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
.@NMalliotakis is running for Congress in NY, I know her well, we need her to defeat Max Rose, who voted for Impeachment! Nicole is Strong on Crime & Borders, #2A, Cutting Taxes, & she Loves our Military & Vets. Nicole has my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
.@MattForMontana Rosendale is a Strong & Conservative fighter for Montana. Matt stands w/ our Brave Veterans, Loves our Military, and he will continue working to Secure our Border. Matt will NEVER let our #2A go unprotected. Matt has my Total Endorsement! 
.@WesleyHuntTX is running for Congress in the Great State of Texas. He will help us accomplish our America First policies. Wesley is strong on Crime, the Border, our 2nd Amendment, Trade, Military and Vets. Wesley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
.@AugustPfluger is a Great Veteran and Strong Leader for Texas where he is running for Congress. He will protect your #2A, fight for our Farmers, Oil/Gas Workers, and he supports our #MAGA & #KAG Agenda. August has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
.@BethVanDuyne did Great things as Mayor of Irving, Texas, with my Administration. She is a Strong Conservative who supports Border Security, Loves our Military, Vets, and supports your #2A. Beth has my Full Endorsement for Congress! 
.@JayObernolte of California is running for Congress in 2020. Jay will help me to continue securing the Southern Border, he Loves our GREAT Law Enforcement Officers, Military, Vets, and he will protect your #2A. Jay has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Ending surprise medical billing moving ahead in Congress! Thanks to Ways & Means and Education/Labor Committees for your work on Bills to protect patients and end medical bill ripoffs! Work with Energy & Commerce, HELP committees to send BIPARTISAN bill to my desk!
....If my hands were tied, Iran would have a field day. Sends a very bad signal. The Democrats are only doing this as an attempt to embarrass the Republican Party. Don’t let it happen!
It is very important for our Country’s SECURITY that the United States Senate not vote for the Iran War Powers Resolution. We are doing very well with Iran and this is not the time to show weakness. Americans overwhelmingly support our attack on terrorist Soleimani....
RT @WMUR9: Crowd erupts at ⁦@POTUS⁩ rally in Bedford after NH Republican Party Chair announces AP reporting President Trump wins NH. #NHPol…
.@dagenmcdowell, “Every Democrat is running to raise taxes. She (Pocahontas) lied about her ethnicity, that was her problem.” @MariaBartiromo  So true Dagen!
Two months in jail for a Swamp Creature, yet 9 years recommended for Roger Stone (who was not even working for the Trump Campaign). Gee, that sounds very fair! Rogue prosecutors maybe? The Swamp! @foxandfriends @TuckerCarlson
Congratulations to Attorney General Bill Barr for taking charge of a case that was totally out of control and perhaps should not have even been brought. Evidence now clearly shows that the Mueller Scam was improperly brought & tainted. Even Bob Mueller lied to Congress!
Fake News @CNN and MSDNC have not surprisingly refused to talk about my record setting number of voters in New Hampshire (and in Iowa). That’s why they are poorly rated Fake News! I will win both states in November.
The Fake News Media is looking hard for the Big Democrat Story, but there is nothing too fabulous. Wouldn’t a big story be that I got more New Hampshire Primary Votes than any incumbent president, in either party, in the history of that Great State? Not an insignificant fact!
Thank you Brad! 
Prosecutorial Misconduct? 
Bootedgeedge (Buttigieg) is doing pretty well tonight. Giving Crazy Bernie a run for his money. Very interesting!
A very bad night for Mini Mike!
RT @Lrihendry: @realDonaldTrump WINNER—  PRESIDENT TRUMP!
RT @Lrihendry: Just got off the phone with my brother in New Hampshire. He said his girlfriend is a Democrat but after watching the SOTU an…
A lot of Democrat dropouts tonight, very low political I.Q. 
Who are the four prosecutors (Mueller people?) who cut and ran after being exposed for recommending a ridiculous 9 year prison sentence to a man that got caught up in an investigation that was illegal, the Mueller Scam, and shouldn’t ever even have started? 13 Angry Democrats?
Impeachment King Steyer (how did that work out?) spent 200 Million Dollars and got less than 1% of the vote in Iowa, and only 3% of the Vote in New Hampshire. Could it be that something is just plain missing? Not easy to do what I did, is it?
Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, is having a really bad night. I think she is sending signals that she wants out. Calling for unity is her way of getting there, going home, and having a “nice cold beer” with her husband!
Whatever happened to Hillary campaign manager Podesta’s BROTHER? Wasn’t he caught, forced to leave his firm, with BIG BAD things to happen? Why did nothing ever happen to him, only to the “other” side?
...And a swamp creature with “pull” was just sentenced to two months in jail for a similar thing that they want Stone to serve 9 years for. A phony Mueller Witch Hunt disgrace. Caught! 
Is this the Judge that put Paul Manafort in SOLITARY CONFINEMENT, something that not even mobster Al Capone had to endure? How did she treat Crooked Hillary Clinton? Just asking! 
RT @JakeBGibson: The DOJ is changing its sentencing recommendation for Roger Stone, according to a Senior DOJ official. 
“The Department fi…
All starting to unravel with the ridiculous 9 year sentence recommendation! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
RT @realDonaldTrump: DRAIN THE SWAMP!
RT @Jim_Jordan: President Trump’s budget sets the right priorities:

-Funds the wall
-Supports our military
-Cuts wasteful foreign aid
-Ena…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a Record! 53% overall (plus add 9 points?). Corrupt Democrat politicians…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Wall Street Journal Editorial: “She (Crazy Nancy) aimed at Trump and hit Uncle Joe.”
RT @realDonaldTrump: “A lot of people feel defeated...Trump always wins. It seems like nothing can stop him.” Danny Villazon  @nytimes @Dan…
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 

RT @realDonaldTrump: TOUGH GUYS FOR TRUMP! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: BEST USA ECONOMY IN HISTORY!
When Jerome Powell started his testimony today, the Dow was up 125, & heading higher. As he spoke it drifted steadily downward, as usual, and is now at -15. Germany & other countries get paid to borrow money. We are more prime, but Fed Rate is too high, Dollar tough on exports.
Mini Mike is a short ball (very) hitter. Tiny club head speed. KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
New Stock Market RECORD. Congratulations, spend your money wisely. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!!!
Great being in New Hampshire last night. I would say that was the biggest political Rally in New Hampshire history. Incredible evening!
WOW, BLOOMBERG IS A TOTAL RACIST! 
BEST USA ECONOMY IN HISTORY!
This is a horrible and very unfair situation. The real crimes were on the other side, as nothing happens to them. Cannot allow this miscarriage of justice! 
RT @ChuckRossDC: Prosecutors disregard gov't witness Randy Credico's plea for no jail time for Stone on the grounds that he didn't take Sto…
RT @ChuckRossDC: A *9 year* prison recommendation for non-violent crimes committed by a 67-year-old man. 
Just returned to White House from Dover. Very sad! 
Nice conflict. Brown dropped out of presidential race FAST. Polled at ZERO! 
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Like the Steele Dossier, the 'Black Ledger' Pushed by anti-Trump Ukraine Operatives Was a 'Fabrication'

“The [b…
RT @paulsperry_: "If we ever find out that there was a group of people within the government that were working together to craft something…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: FBI Director Wray is initiating FISA-reform training but only at FBI field offices -- even though the illegal FI…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Dana Boente was the hi-ranking DOJ official held over from the Obama admin who signed off on the now-invalid 3rd…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING:Gabriel Sanz-Rexach is Obama official who was the FISA gatekeeper at DOJ in 2016 when the illegal warrant to spy…
RT @josepheschmitz: President Trump should sue Rep. Adam Schiff and his co-conspirators, including the so-called "whistleblower" and the in…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: How ‘Whistleblower’ Doomed Impeachment Case From Start

Disgraceful! 
Should never happen to another President! 
RT @JudicialWatch: BREAKING: @TomFitton made the following statement regarding the Senate’s vote to acquit @realDonaldTrump: "Congratulatio…
RT @TomFitton: VINDICATION: @RealDonaldTrump INNOCENT And Should Demand Justice for Coup Attack--from Schiff to Obama; @JudicialWatch Study…
TOUGH GUYS FOR TRUMP! 
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 

“A lot of people feel defeated...Trump always wins. It seems like nothing can stop him.” Danny Villazon  @nytimes @DanaPerino @FoxNews  But isn’t that what you want from your President?
Wall Street Journal Editorial: “She (Crazy Nancy) aimed at Trump and hit Uncle Joe.”
RT @jonkarl: Cold rain, snow and lots of Trump supporters.  Despite the miserable weather, there are already more people lining up outside…
RT @realDonaldTrump: It’s all turning, and fast! MVP Heckler.
RT @BrandonBeckham_: @realDonaldTrump @mirandadevine 🇺🇸KEEP AMERICA GREAT

In just 3 years President @realDonaldTrump has accomplished Grea…
RT @SexCounseling: @realDonaldTrump @mirandadevine The people are happy with President Trump and they see how poorly he is being treated.
Meeting with U.S. Governors in a short while. All States are doing well. “Thank you Mr. President.”
Thank you to @mirandadevine of the New York Post for your interesting (and correct) column today. “Trump has gained 20 points since Impeachment began in October. He gets 67% on economy. Nonwhite approval of Trump is also at a high: 28%, up 10 points in a year. Nice one, Nancy.”
Hope the Fake News, which never discusses it, is talking about the big crowds forming for my New Hampshire Rally tonight. They won’t!
Because of how badly they did with the Impeachment Hoax, AOC will primary Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, and win, and Jerry Nadler has a good chance of losing to his far left primary opponent! It is all getting quite interesting. Pelosi will lose the House, AGAIN! My poll numbers great.
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a Record! 53% overall (plus add 9 points?). Corrupt Democrat politicians have brought me to highest polling numbers ever with the Impeachment Hoax. Thank you Nancy!
Will be in Manchester, New Hampshire, tonight for a big Rally. Want to shake up the Dems a little bit - they have a really boring deal going on. Still waiting for the Iowa results, votes were fried. Big crowds in Manchester!
RT @Scavino45: It would be soooooo terrible if this video hits 10,000,000 views, as Nancy doesn’t want Americans to see how disgraceful she…
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
....This is the biggest political crime in American History, by far. SIMPLY PUT, THE PARTY IN POWER ILLEGALLY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, BOTH BEFORE AND AFTER THE ELECTION, IN ORDER TO CHANGE OR NULLIFY THE RESULTS OF THE ELECTION. IT CONTINUED ON WITH THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX. Terrible!
FBI Director Christopher Wray just admitted that the FISA Warrants and Survailence of my campaign were illegal. So was the Fake Dossier. THEREFORE, THE WHOLE SCAM INVESTIGATION, THE MUELLER REPORT AND EVERYTHING ELSE FOR THREE YEARS, WAS A FIXED HOAX. WHO PAYS THE PRICE?....
So good to see that Republicans will be winning the Great State of Alabama Senate Seat back, now that lightweight Senator @DougJones cast a partisan vote for the Impeachment Hoax. Thought his boss, Cryin’ Chuck, would have forced him to vote against the Hoax. A Do Nothing Stiff!
.@LarrySabato is much better at giving you the answer after everything is finished and the final result is in, than he is at telling you what is going to happen because, in fact, he doesn’t have a clue! 
Sabato got it all wrong last time, never came close to understanding the Trump Voter. Actually it’s simple, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
It’s all turning, and fast! MVP Heckler. 
“They (Conservatives) thought the merits of the Impeachment case were weak, and therefore his (Romney’s) judgement is questioned.” @MZHemingway @HowardKurtz @FoxNews
RT @kin2souls: @KimStrassel Anyone that votes to IMPEACH OUR PRESIDENT over an unconstitutional house IMPEACHMENT better start packing thei…
RT @RedPillReport: I don’t know who the heckler is...but he is my hero!  Nadler was rattled! 😂

One of the best things to come from the ele…
RT @DanaSchoonover1: @KimStrassel @steph93065 Romney is covering up his part in corruption in Ukraine. This has nothing to do with truth or…
RT @harmks: @KimStrassel 
RT @bigleaguepol: @KimStrassel Mitt Romney is tied to Hunter Biden’s Burisma corruption.

This is why he’s bent over backwards for the medi…
RT @bigleaguepol: @KimStrassel Mitt Romney has stabbed Trump in the back and will join Democrats in their shameful attempt to overturn an e…
They are really mad at Senator Joe Munchkin in West Virginia. He couldn’t understand the Transcripts. Romney could, but didn’t want to!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: This is what Nancy Pelosi ripped up. A truly shameful move, even for her. 
RT @TrumpWarRoom: "The real problem is the Democrats and Nancy are so blinded by hate, hatred of Donald Trump, that they can’t even functio…
RT @TeamTrump: Senior Advisor @IvankaTrump highlights how President @realDonaldTrump’s policies are lifting the lives of everyday Americans…
Romney hurt some very good Republican Senators, and he was wrong about the Impeachment Hoax. No clue! 
Yes!!!!! 
RT @WhiteHouse: The sham impeachment attempt concocted by Democrats ended in the full vindication and exoneration of President @realDonaldT…
RT @henryrodgersdc: McConnell Rips Democrats Over Iowa Caucus Mishap — 'Can't Even Count Votes'
 
RT @MelissaAFrancis: Nancy Pelosi ripped the tribute to this family to shreds. 
RT @henryrodgersdc: 👀
RT @henryrodgersdc: Pence (@VP) blasted Pelosi's behavior during Trump's State Of The Union in a sit-down interview with me today. “Not jus…
RT @brithume: Standing ovation for Trump as he’s introduced at the National Prayer Breakfast. Even Nancy Pelosi stands and applauds. Trump…
This is so true! 
This will never get old! 
RT @KatrinaPierson: Hemingway: Impeachment Theater Could Not Have Gone Worse For Democrats. 
RT @BlackVoices4DJT: From the NEW YORK TIMES: 

'Black Workers’ Wages Are Finally Rising'


RT @TrumpWarRoom: The economy is BOOMING.

Americans are WINNING.

The latest jobs report proves President @realDonaldTrump's Great America…
RT @KatrinaPierson: Murdock: Democrats, Trump is giving America the economy you claim to want – Be honest and say thanks. #demdebate 
RT @AndrewHClark: Flashback to when Obama-Biden National Security Advisor Gen. James Jones praised the decision to take out dangerous Irani…
RT @RNCResearch: Pete Buttigieg says if he was president, terrorist leader Soleimani would still be alive

RT @TimMurtaugh: In tonight’s debate, Democrats agreed that they’d all have permitted Qassem Soleimani to continue to walk the Earth.

Not…
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Democrats on stage said they would not have allowed the kind of shady foreign business deals that Joe Biden allowed his s…
RT @TrumpWarRoom: An American family is grieving the loss of a father & husband.

President Trump eliminated the Iranian terrorist who ripp…
DeFace the Nation will tell @LindseyGrahamSC that he must start up Judiciary and not stop until the job is done. Clean up D.C. now, last chance! 
RT @KatrinaPierson: Stanage "The Clouds Are Darkening for the Democratic Party" 
RT @AndrewHClark: FACT: The USMCA will support 54,000 jobs in New Hampshire, including 3,500 manufacturing jobs. 

Bernie Sanders still vot…
RT @GOP: Unemployment is LOW for ALL Americans because of President Trump:

🔥6% African American unemployment—before POTUS, African America…
RT @KatrinaPierson: + 1 🇺🇸 #DemDebate
RT @Surabees: Fact Check: Zero Pinocchios
RT @TeamTrump: The National Association of Manufacturers is giving Ivanka Trump an award for supporting manufacturing!

Congrats, @IvankaTr…
RT @WhiteHouse: If President @realDonaldTrump had promised an economy this good while he was a candidate, the media would've lost its mind.…
RT @CLewandowski_: Watch @realDonaldTrump win big in N.H. on Tuesday and see Uncle Joe have a tough night.
RT @GOPChairwoman: This video @realDonaldTrump posted is triggering Pelosi and so many Democrats, it’s definitely worth sharing! 

I grew up in New York City and, over many years, got to watch how GREAT NYC’s “Finest” are. Now, because of weak leadership at Governor & Mayor, stand away (water thrown at them) regulations, and lack of support, our wonderful NYC police are under assault. Stop this now!
RT @Surgeon_General: Enjoyed talking with @SenThomTillis about the intersection of health and national security, as well as how community h…
The Dems are crazed, they will do anything. Honesty & truth don’t matter to them. They are badly wounded. Iowa vote count was a disaster for them! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s Impeachment Hoax has lifted Republican Congressional Polls (she lost the House once before!), and…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you Iowa for the RECORD vote we just received in the Primary. The Dems were 25% down (although their votes are a…
Leading also in New Hampshire and most states. The Fake News hates to report this, but you will see on November 3rd. 
The feeling of many about @MittRomney! 
Thank you to everyone for all of the great reviews I have gotten on my State of the Union Speech. It was an immense honor for me to have presented it to you and the citizens of our very strong and wonderful Country!
...But, just like the people of West Virginia will no longer look at weak & pathetic Joe Manchin the same (I got the Pension Bill approved, Manchin couldn’t do it), the wonderful people of Utah will never look at “grandstander” Mitt Romney with anything but contempt & disgust!
Can’t say I mind the fact that the great people of West Virginia are furious at their puppet Democrat Senator, Joe Manchin. They will never forget his phony vote on the Impeachment Hoax. All he had to do is read the Transcripts, sadly, which he wouldn’t understand anyway.....
Law Enforcement has been notified. Be careful tough guys who you play with! 
Great lineup on @FoxNews tonight with @JesseBWatters, @JudgeJeanine and & @greggutfeld. All starts at 8:00 P.M. Will be discussing and explaining the Impeachment Hoax!
RT @WhiteHouse: 7 MILLION brand new jobs under President @realDonaldTrump! 💪

More Trump Economy RESULTS: 
RT @GOPChairwoman: Democrats have only used their House majority to conduct witch hunts and smear @realDonaldTrump.
 
@RepJeffDuncan is rig…
RT @parscale: Karma
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: It’s an honor to be in the fight with you dad and I’d do it 1000 times over to make sure that you can keep delivering o…
RT @kayleighmcenany: .⁦@TeamTrump⁩ is coming to Colorado for an ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ rally! 

Join us on Feb. 20th! ⬇️ 
RT @GeauxScalise: This Week: @realDonaldTrump was the only winner in Iowa.

Next Week: I'm headed to New Hampshire with @TeamTrump to keep…
RT @ScottforFlorida: Looking forward to joining @TeamTrump in New Hampshire next week! 

The message is simple: it’s optimism vs. socialism…
RT @kayleighmcenany: Watching this Democrat debate makes me so confident that @TeamTrump & @realDonaldTrump will be celebrating on November…
RT @kayleighmcenany: These Dems are TALKING about what they would do for the black community, but look at what @realDonaldTrump has actuall…
RT @kayleighmcenany: Make no mistake: the #DemDebate plan for climate change is to eliminate more than 1 million jobs in America by elimina…
RT @kayleighmcenany: #DemDebate moderator: What will you do about child poverty?

Elect @realDonaldTrump should be the answer because...

A…
RT @FrancisBrennan: "This was a week that clearly wasn't good for the Democratic Party. It was there no good, terrible, rotten week." - CNN…
RT @parscale: We are not just going for black voters, @realDonaldTrump is delivering results to the community:

✅ School Choice

✅ HBCU Gra…
A great coach and a fantastic guy. His endorsement of me in Indiana was a very big deal! 
RT @RepTedBudd: Thanks for the lift, Mr. President! 

Headed back home to North Carolina with @realDonaldTrump for the Opportunity Now Summ…
Pete Rose played Major League Baseball for 24 seasons, from 1963-1986, and had more hits, 4,256, than any other player (by a wide margin). He gambled, but only on his own team winning, and paid a decades long price. GET PETE ROSE INTO THE BASEBALL HALL OF FAME. It’s Time!
RT @RepMikeJohnson: Congrats @Jim_Jordan and @RepMarkMeadows! Proud to serve alongside both of you.

RT @RepMikeJohnson: In the end, this was a good week at the Capitol. For the first time since Democrats took control of the House last year…
RT @RepMikeJohnson: forever 
RT @RepDLesko: Looking forward to hearing from President @realdonaldtrump on his ACQUITTAL! 
RT @KTAR923: Here's how President Donald Trump thanked @RepAndyBiggsAZ  and @RepDLesko of Arizona. 
Total and complete Endorsement for Debbie Lesko! @RepDLesko  Love Arizona. 
Governor Cuomo wanted to see me this weekend. He just canceled. Very hard to work with New York - So stupid. All they do is sue me all the time! 
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Democrats try to impeach him, corporate media spends all day attacking him, and all President Trump does is keep on fue…
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Congratulations to my friends and colleagues, @Jim_Jordan & @RepMarkMeadows, on their new positions as the Ranking Memb…
RT @jdanbishop: Boarding Air Force One ✈️ heading to Charlotte for the NC #OpportunityNOW Summit with @realDonaldTrump @RepMarkMeadows http…
RT @Scavino45: “The only victories that matter in Washington are victories that deliver for the AMERICAN PEOPLE!”
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump h…
More Fake News. This was photoshopped, obviously, but the wind was strong and the hair looks good? Anything to demean! 
We will not be touching your Social Security or Medicare in Fiscal 2021 Budget. Only the Democrats will destroy them by destroying our Country’s greatest ever Economy!
...the worst weeks ever.” She could have had a much better week if Crazy Nancy, who is the most overrated person in politics (going to lose the House a second time), didn’t bring the phony & corrupt Impeachment Hoax. Dems can’t do anything right, just look at the Iowa vote count!
.@RepDebDingell, who called me, tears flowing, to thank me for rolling out the maximum “Red Carpet” for the funeral of her husband, then voted against me on the partisan Impeachmen Hoax, said “everybody (Dems) wants to get out of town. This has been, in my whole career, one of...
The only way to stop the crazed Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats “is for the Republican Senate to run an offense here”. @LeeSmithDC  @IngrahamAngle  @FoxNews So true, although the Dems Hoaxes & Witch Hunts have driven up Republican Polls, and mine, mightily!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s Impeachment Hoax has lifted Republican Congressional Polls (she lost the House once before!), and my Polls, WAY UP, which was expected, but it has had a great effect on Republican Senate races, including North Carolina, Kentucky, Colorado and Arizona. Thanks!
Thank you Iowa for the RECORD vote we just received in the Primary. The Dems were 25% down (although their votes are all fried!). 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great poll in Iowa, where I just landed for a Big Rally! #KAG2020🇺🇸 
Fake News @CNN & MSDNC keep talking about “Lt. Col.” Vindman as though I should think only how wonderful he was. Actually, I don’t know him, never spoke to him, or met him (I don’t believe!) but, he was very insubordinate, reported contents of my “perfect” calls incorrectly, &...
....was given a horrendous report by his superior, the man he reported to, who publicly stated that Vindman had problems with judgement, adhering to the chain of command and leaking information. In other words, “OUT”.
RT @realDonaldTrump: I was very surprised & disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s total…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney, many highly religious people, all very smart, voted again…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Despite nonstop efforts from Democrats and their media lap dogs to destroy Donald Trump and his efforts to rebuild Amer…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: On the bright side, he may still be able to take the defense minister position in the Ukraine that he was offered a few…
RT @ArthurSchwartz: Reminder: democrats that are now lecturing us on foreign policy vehemently opposed President Trump’s  nomination of @Ri…
RT @realDonaldTrump: After years building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding OUR Country. From our inner cities to our rural com…
RT @mattgaetz: Today ⁦@kimguilfoyle⁩ led #MAGA Nation in a massive fundraising effort for ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩. 

I don’t want to break the n…
RT @tedcruz: Bizarro World.  Obama DOJ abusing FISA process, creating fraudulent documents to target Trump—Not Scary. Barr saying DON’T abu…
RT @AmericaFirstPAC: Not a single Democrat will openly denounce socialism or a socialist candidate. 

This is the true Democratic Party.

#…
RT @RichardGrenell: Now would be a good time to note that NATO is funded by $130 BILLION more today (and $400 BILLION coming by 2024) becau…
RT @TrumpWarRoom: WATCH: Former Obama national security advisor Gen. James Jones praises @RealDonaldTrump decision to strike Iranian terror…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Apparently Joe Biden thinks shouting his gibberish more loudly than usual will overcome that he had a dismal 4th place…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Joe’s lying as usual. #DemDebates
RT @ArthurSchwartz: Mayor Pete says he can’t answer @davidmuir’s question about whether he would have approved a strike on Soleimani becaus…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: The #DemDebates are really the best TV advertising @realDonaldTrump’s could possibly buy to guarantee re-election. 

Ju…
Not good! 
RT @VanJones68: Bloomberg has a problem because of what he did with stop-and-frisk. It was a HORROR SHOW to be Black or Latino in New York…
RT @SteveGuest: Chris Christie: Pete Buttigieg was "outright lying about his record,” and when called out he “looked like a deer in the hea…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: *He Won’t
RT @GOPChairwoman: While 2020 Democrats talk about helping the African American community, @realDonaldTrump has acted:

*Most funding for B…
RT @DiamondandSilk: Poverty Has Hit The Lowest Level In Two Decades Thanks To @realDonaldTrump.  
#DemDebate  #democraticdebate
RT @GOPChairwoman: The #DemDebate was emblematic of the Democrats' week: a total disaster, short on ideas to actually help Americans.

@rea…
RT @KatrinaPierson: What did Americans learn from tonight’s #DemDebate? 

Democrats want to beat Trump more than they want to work for the…
RT @CLewandowski_: Can’t wait to join @JudgeJeanine tonight on @FoxNews. It’s been one hell of a great week for @realDonaldTrump - look for…
RT @DanScavino: WAIT FOT IT....
⚠️This may cause #TDS🤯 
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Democrat Party has given up on counting votes in Iowa. Looks like it all got computer “fried”. Nobody knows who th…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I think they should blame RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA again! If they can’t count votes properly, how are they going to run…
RT @Jim_Jordan: America is winning!


RT @realDonaldTrump: 
After years building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding OUR Country. From our inner cities to our rural communities, the forgotten men and women of America are forgotten NO LONGER! #OpportunityNow 
....always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney, many highly religious people, all very smart, voted against the Impeachment Hoax. @SenCapito was all in (a great person). I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer & Pelosi. That’s all he is!
I was very surprised & disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s totally partisan Impeachment Hoax. No President has done more for the great people of West Virginia than me (Pensions), and that will....
Great to be in Charlotte, North Carolina as we expand and grow this unprecedented economic momentum. Today, we launched a brand new nationwide campaign to revitalize under-served cities and towns across America – it’s called OPPORTUNITY NOW! 
Another win just in. Nervous Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats in Congress sued me, thrown out. This one unanimous, in the D.C. Circuit.
Witch Hunt!
RT @dbongino: President Trump's best week ever continues 👇
RT @jsolomonReports: Breaking: Mueller’s team was told by key witness in 2018 that Russia collusion evidence found in Ukraine was fabricate…
RT @ErinMPerrine: Morning in America 🇺🇸 
RT @LizRNC: Whether he realizes it or not, Andrew Weissmann just admitted what we always knew:

The purpose of the Mueller investigation wa…
RT @dbongino: 👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻
RT @dbongino: The hapless Dems are still in denial, & it’s hilarious to watch. They’re still claiming, despite ALL evidence to the contrary…
RT @TomFitton: Vindman's behavior is a scandal. He should be removed from the @RealDonaldTrump White House ASAP to protect our foreign poli…
RT @TomFitton: ICYMI, because of dishonest liberal media that was conspiring with Pelosi-Schiff coup cabal to try to destroy @RealDonaldTru…
RT @RepThomasMassie: I’d fire him. I listened to his testimony in the SCIF. He’s a leaker, not a whistleblower. Vindman was upset that @rea…
RT @dbongino: House Republicans Rebuke FBI Director Wray for Tepid Response to Damning IG Report 
RT @dbongino: Trump Boom: U.S. Adds 225k Jobs in January--FAR Surpassing Wall St. Estimates 
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
#PromisesMadePromisesKept🇺🇸 
Iowa and New Hampshire will not be moved from the Primary Schedule as long as I am President. Great tradition!
Off to North Carolina! 
The Democrat Party has given up on counting votes in Iowa. Looks like it all got computer “fried”. Nobody knows who the real winner is. Maybe it’s Sleepy Joe, but it’s not looking that way. They lost millions & millions of dollars, all for NOTHING. But I WON Iowa big!
I think they should blame RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA again! If they can’t count votes properly, how are they going to run U.S. HealthCare? 
Welcome back James! 
Very true, thank you Ted & John. I love Texas! 
RT @RandPaul: Since President Trump’s election, some members of the Democrat Party have been determined to impeach him. First, it was so-ca…
RT @RandPaul: Democrats cooked up two articles of impeachment to accomplish their goal and even attempt to prevent future ballot access. Th…
RT @RandPaul: I stand with @realDonaldTrump! Let’s bring our troops home! Time to leave the endless wars in the Middle East.
RT @SergioGor: Today @RandPaul spoke with @mikeallen about the impeachment charade. From the interview: @realDonaldTrump will come out stro…
RT @marcorubio: The Speaker embarrassed herself by ripping up her paper copy of the speech in dramatic fashion. So pathetic. #SOTU2020
RT @marcorubio: Last night at the #SOTU2020 two things were very clear:

1. ⁦@POTUS⁩ is firmly committed to helping #Venezuela restore its…
RT @marcorubio: Jobs,security,health care & the education of their children is what matters to people in the real world. Not the silly temp…
RT @tedcruz: Welcome back. Avenatti won Iowa.
RT @tedcruz: It keeps getting worse. As the 2020 Dems get more & more anti-Israel, will any of them stand up and condemn comments like thes…
RT @tedcruz: One would think a Native American woman would be more welcoming.
So do I! 
RT @senatemajldr: Moments like this are what the Senate was made for. The Framers knew the country would need a firewall to keep partisan f…
RT @senatemajldr: The architects of this impeachment claimed they were defending norms and traditions. In reality, it was an assault on bot…
RT @TomFitton: Flashback.
RT @TomFitton: HUGE Schiff Coup Fail -- @RealDonaldTrump should pursue justice!; @JudicialWatch sues on Biden/Burisma AND the so-called Whi…
RT @charliekirk11: Joe Biden keeps saying he’s going to “beat Trump like a drum” in the general election

Let me get this straight, he’s go…
RT @charliekirk11: Facts:

90% of Americans are satisfied with their personal life—a record high

63% approve of Trump's handling of the ec…
RT @charliekirk11: BOOM:

Another terrorist leader has been wiped off the face of the earth thanks to @realDonaldTrump

Al Qaeda leader Qas…
Thank you Charlie! 
RT @RealCandaceO: Trump: boosted the economy, defeated ISIS, got millions off of food stamps and welfare, destroyed terrorists. 

Nancy Pel…
RT @dbongino: Short List of Debunked Democrat Hoaxes:
1) Russian collusion ❌
2) Ukrainian quid pro quo ❌
3) the Steele dossier❌
4) the pee…
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: ACQUITTED FOR LIFE. 
RT @RepMattGaetz: During his State of the Union address, the President stated that any assault on our freedom would be met with overwhelmin…
RT @RepMattGaetz: On behalf of the thousands of patriots in Northwest Florida, I thank President Trump for his swift action in eliminating…
RT @RepMattGaetz: On Sunday, Qasim al-Rimi, a cofounder of al-Qa’ida in the Arabian Peninsula, claimed responsibility for the terrorist att…
RT @LouDobbs: Triumphant Trump. @RepMattGaetz says @POTUS’ impeachment vindication will result in a Republican-led Congress & presidency af…
RT @RepLeeZeldin: This is a really bad time to be a terrorist targeting the US. Sleeping with one eye open just isn’t good enough for these…
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Greatest, bravest military in the world led by a President who lets them do their jobs and holds terrorists to account.…
RT @DevinNunes: Great to attend today’s celebration at the White House with ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Devin Nunes is a warrior for truth. He exposed the Carter Page FISA warrant abuse while Schiff, Nadler & the main stream…
RT @RealJamesWoods: I’ve tried so hard this past year to live without the wealth of knowledge available on Twitter, but this kind of blazin…
Don’t worry, it won’t happen! 
....he will be successful, especially as the weather starts to warm & the virus hopefully becomes weaker, and then gone. Great discipline is taking place in China, as President Xi strongly leads what will be a very successful operation. We are working closely with China to help!
Just had a long and very good conversation by phone with President Xi of China. He is strong, sharp and powerfully focused on leading the counterattack on the Coronavirus. He feels they are doing very well, even building hospitals in a matter of only days. Nothing is easy, but...
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
“The Senate acquitted President Trump of both charges fabricated by Congressional Democrats, led by Speaker Pelosi and Adam Schiff, to carry out the most egregious and partisan attack against any president in our history - a man they knew to be innocent.” @LouDobbs @FoxBusiness
“This President has done more for African Americans in this Country than any President since Lincoln.” @LouDobbs
RT @Scavino45: 
RT @DanScavino: Directions: Select all squares with a President. #AcquittedForever 
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @DanScavino: #AcquittedForever #KAG2020🇺🇸 
Welcome back to Earth, @Astro_Christina, and congratulations on breaking the female record for the longest stay in space! You’re inspiring young women and making the USA proud! Enjoyed speaking with you and @Astro_Jessica on the first all-female spacewalk IN HISTORY last year.
Nevada, I hear you on Yucca Mountain and my Administration will RESPECT you! Congress and previous Administrations have long failed to find lasting solutions – my Administration is committed to exploring innovative approaches – I’m confident we can get it done!
So true! 
Had failed presidential candidate @MittRomney devoted the same energy and anger to defeating a faltering Barack Obama as he sanctimoniously does to me, he could have won the election. Read the Transcripts!
@nytimes “The Votes Were A Resounding Victory For Mr. Trump.” True, but the Impeachment Hoax was just a continuation of the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats corrupt practices!
RT @HowieCarrShow: James Freeman's question 
RT @nypost: Nancy Pelosi 'pre-ripped' pages of Trump's SOTU speech, video shows 
“What Really Happened”
I will be making a public statement tomorrow at 12:00pm from the @WhiteHouse to discuss our Country’s VICTORY on the Impeachment Hoax!
RT @SenatorDole: .@POTUS really hit a home run last night.  In my 36+ years serving in Congress, I heard quite a few #SOTU  addresses.  Thi…
“The Democrats want to run a Country, and they can’t run a Caucus.” Brad Blakeman @FoxNews  Iowa is a complete disaster for the Dems. They should bring in Mini Mike Bloomberg ASAP!
RT @WhiteHouse: Speaker Pelosi just ripped up:

One of our last surviving Tuskegee Airmen.

The survival of a child born at 21 weeks.

The…
Thank you Jonathan, and great job! 
RT @KatiePavlich: Very excited to announce the newest addition to @townhallcom, Townhall 🇺🇸 VIP! Find out more and use promo code “Katie” f…
RT @jaegerbombsaway: Nancy’s legacy is ripping up a document she is mandated to preserve. She’s a complete failure 

#PelosiTantrum
RT @PIANORAMA: Uncouth is too polite.
#PelosiTantrum
RT @Mikkelsen_YNWA: @GrahamLedger It's incredible the US has a person like her in that position. What she did at the end was incredible! I…
RT @heelerhoney: Perhaps Nancy’s little tantrum of tearing up the #SOTU speech was a slick maneuver to get people to talk about her instead…
RT @LionelMedia: Don’t let #NancyPelosi dilute or take from the @realDonaldTrump’s brilliant #StateOfTheUnion.
RT @LionelMedia: Retweet if you stand with ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩! 
RT @CarmineSabia: It is hilarious to see Speaker Pelosi so #Classless and #Broken. They know 2020 is gone. Who is their hero Pete Buttigieg…
RT @kurt_mcgert: Way to not only represent yourself and your party. She is an absolute disgrace and she is everything that is wrong with ou…
RT @DrewCHudson: Nancy Pelosi ripping up the State of the Union speech...I assume she planned to throw the trash on the sidewalk, given the…
RT @AuroraLightzz: This is pure gold, because she’s the one parading how immature and childish the president is but then look how she acted…
RT @HiredGun37: Today - The Senate gets to pull a #PelosiTantrum and do to the Impeachment Articles what she did to the SOTU. Karma is a bi…
RT @Real_Theology: This is what building bridges to the American people looks like.. The #PelosiTantrum is a tragic image of how divided ou…
RT @JonMart93888215: Where those the Articles of Impeachment Nancy was ripping up #PelosiTantrum
RT @SauerBread: @SpeakerPelosi #PelosiTantrum
A speech that
•Honored so many Americans
•Celebrated a strong US economy
•Seeks to continue l…
RT @StarParker: Who liberals hate. #PelosiNeedsToGo #pelositantrum 
RT @stillgray: #PelosiTantrum is trending. You hate to see it.
RT @co_firing_line: The only thing Nancy Pelosi proved is that liberalism is an ideology of insane hate and rage.  She should be censured a…
RT @Soll_DeWitt: History won't be kind for Nancy Pelosi: she will be remembered as the Speaker who initiated a malicious impeachment, who's…
RT @TreasuryTutor: Dear USA
Our political system here (UK) isn't perfect, but our Speaker is supposed to be impartial and neutral - and see…
RT @chicksonright: It's perfect that  #PelosiTantrum is trending.  What a humiliating night for her all the way around.  

Nance - you migh…
RT @DrErinKateStair: That was weak, Nancy. I wish she held her cool. Plays into every female stereotype. 
 #PelosiTantrum
RT @NikkiHaley: The accomplishments speak for themselves. Congratulations @realDonaldTrump. ❤️🇺🇸 #SOTU #Results
RT @NikkiHaley: Disappointed to see @SpeakerPelosi rip up the speech that mentioned lives we’ve lost and heroes we celebrated at the SOTU.…
It was a great and triumphant evening for our Country. Thank you for all of the nice remarks and wonderful reviews of my State of the Union Speech. It was my great honor to have done it!
#SOTU2020 
My Approval Rating in the Republican Party = 95%, a record! Big Iowa win. Approval Rating overall = 53%, a new high. With our great Economy and other major successes, would be 20 points higher without the phony Witch Hunts and Hoaxes???
Market up big today on very good economic news. JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
RT @CLewandowski_: It’s an honor to caucus for ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ at a packed house at the Panorama Elementary School in Iowa!  On to Victo…
RT @TeamTrump: The Republican Party Has Never Been More United!

#IowaCaucuses 
RT @GOPChairwoman: Congratulations to the winner of the #IACaucus: @realDonaldTrump. 

He won Iowa big in 2016, and he's going to carry it…
RT @LaraLeaTrump: No matter who wins tonight on the democrat side, we know that America feels the incredible results of the President’s pol…
RT @EricTrump: What an unbelievable night in #Iowa! The turnout and support for @realDonaldTrump was off the charts! #MAGA #NorwalkIA 🇺🇸🇺🇸…
RT @TeamTrump: Meanwhile...

President @realDonaldTrump CRUSHED all incumbent turnout records in Iowa! 

#IACaucus
RT @GOPChairwoman: Congratulations to @realDonaldTrump for officially breaking the turnout record for an incumbent president in the #IACauc…
RT @piersmorgan: 🤣
RT @GOPChairwoman: While the #IACaucus outcome is still uncertain for Democrats, the Republican Party is more unified than ever behind @rea…
RT @piersmorgan: He's got a point...how many more self-inflicted 2020 election gifts are  Democrats going to hand their opponent?  #Iowa #I…
RT @EricTrump: My father always says he has 95% Republican support... Last night he was proven wrong — in fact, @realDonaldTrump has 97.1%…
The Democrat Party in Iowa really messed up, but the Republican Party did not. I had the largest re-election vote in the history of that great state, by far, beating President Obama’s previous record by a lot. Also, 97% Plus of the vote! Thank you Iowa!
When will the Democrats start blaming RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA, instead of their own incompetence for the voting disaster that just happened in the Great State of Iowa?
It is not the fault of Iowa, it is the Do Nothing Democrats fault. As long as I am President, Iowa will stay where it is. Important tradition! 
RT @awzurcher: Here’s your Iowa democracy in action - a coin toss to determine who gets the last delegate out of this #IowaCaucus precinct…
RT @guypbenson: “No, but seriously, let us run your healthcare,” they said.
RT @NateSilver538: At this point, it's been 3.6 hours since the start of the caucuses and 1.9% of precincts have reported results, which ex…
RT @BretBaier: The Iowa Democratic Party said it has found "inconsistencies" in the reporting of the caucus results, but says there was no…
RT @DailyMail: Supporters wait to find out what is happening as the Democratic results are plunged into chaos #IowaCaucuses 
RT @agearan: Trump 2020 campaign manager Brad Parscale:  
“Democrats are stewing in a caucus mess of their own creation with the sloppiest…
RT @HawleyMO: Can’t wait to see the Chiefs at the White House! #ChiefsKingdom
RT @HawleyMO: 
RT @HawleyMO: Today I will introduce in the Senate a resolution honoring the Chiefs as SUPER BOWL CHAMPIONS #ChiefsKingdom
RT @DanScavino: 
The Democrat Caucus is an unmitigated disaster. Nothing works, just like they ran the Country. Remember the  5 Billion Dollar Obamacare Website, that should have cost 2% of that. The only person that can claim a very big victory in Iowa last night is “Trump”.
Big WIN for us in Iowa tonight. Thank you!
RT @SaraCarterDC: #EXCLUSIVE

GOP Investigation:Thousands Of Obama Admin Docs Under Review Regarding Ukraine White House Meetings 

Read my…
RT @JohnBoozman: My full statement on my vote to move the impeachment trial to the next stage: 
RT @SenMcSallyAZ: .@POTUS continues the effort to end human trafficking. In 2018, I helped pass the SOAR Act in the House to train our heal…
RT @SenMcSallyAZ: Marana’s busy airport can continue to grow safely thanks to funding for an air traffic control tower.

RT @SenMcSallyAZ: .@Raytheon is headquartering its combined missiles defense unit right here in Southern Arizona.

RT @MarshaBlackburn: Our Founders would be “aghast” if they knew Adam Schiff released private phone records of a journalist and the top Rep…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Fighting corruption is not an impeachable offense.
 
A policy disagreement is not an impeachable offense.
 
Asserting…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: This weekend, Senators Bennet, Klobuchar, Sanders and Warren were campaigning to replace @realDonaldTrump. Today, they…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Democrats took our country on a wild goose chase, starting with the Mueller Report, and persisting with a partisan imp…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: The House Impeachment Managers have refused to answer basic questions about coordination with the “whistleblower.”
 
1…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Impeachment* 
RT @GOP: “A lot of candidates running for office and a lot of politicians talk about doing something about criminal justice reform but real…
RT @GOP: “By approving both articles, the House of Representatives violated our Constitutional order, illegally abused their power of impea…
RT @RNCLatinos: .@mercedesschlapp:

"Democrats have a socialist agenda while President @realDonaldTrump is focused on results."

Mercedes S…
RT @GOP: The RNC and @TeamTrump make an HISTORIC fundraising team - just ask Campaign Manager, @parscale ⬇️
 
“The fundraising is out of th…
RT @GOP: RT if you’re STILL not tired of winning!

RT @GOP: “The President has strong economic numbers… and people are feeling better than they did four years ago.” -@GOPChairwoman 
RT @SenRonJohnson: To use the House managers’ own argument on witnesses:
 
“The American people deserve a fair impeachment.”
“The Constitut…
RT @SenRonJohnson: Unfortunately, the House did not deliver a fair impeachment to the Senate. Instead, contrary to the warnings of @Speaker…
RT @SenRonJohnson: House Democrats now demand the Senate do their investigatory work for them. Caving to their demands would have set a dan…
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Voting is starting in Iowa today. The decision on who the president should be is made by voters, not by the United Sta…
RT @SenTedCruz: Democrats wanted Senate impeachment witnesses because they failed to prove their case.

RT @SenCapito: Just wanted to give an update on where we are with the #impeachment trial this week: 
RT @SenateGOP: 13 witnesses.

28,578 documents.

193 video clips.

The Senate carried out our constitutional duty FAIRLY, and @realdonaldtr…
Many people do not know what a great guy & fantastic political talent the great Rush Limbaugh is. There is nobody like him. Looking for a speedy recovery for our friend! 
Where’s the Whistleblower? Where’s the second Whistleblower? Where’s the Informer? Why did Corrupt politician Schiff MAKE UP my conversation with the Ukrainian President??? Why didn’t the House do its job? And sooo much more!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Republicans in Iowa, go out and Caucus today. Your great Trade Deals with China, Mexico, Canada, Japan, South Korea and more, are DONE. Great times are coming, after waiting for decades, for our Farmers, Ranchers, Manufacturers and ALL. Nobody else could have pulled this off!
I hope Republicans & the American people realize that the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax is exacty that, a Hoax. Read the Transcripts, listen to what the President & Foreign Minister of Ukraine said (“No Pressure”). Nothing will ever satisfy the Do Nothing, Radical Left Dems!
RT @michaelbeatty3: "MY VIEWERS WANT ACCOUNTABILITY!!!!"
"WE'LL BE WATCHING SENATOR"
Maria says EXACTLY what Americans are thinking.
THANK…
@LindseyGrahamSC 
The DNC on Bernie Sanders, “Looks like they’re going to do it to him again, doesn’t it?” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends
RT @realDonaldTrump: I promised to restore hope in America. That includes the least among us. Together, let’s KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 

Text TR…
Hope you liked this! 
RT @GOPChairwoman: The RNC is building the biggest data infrastructure and ground game in the history of politics to re-elect @realDonaldTr…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: We have a 'Positive Revolution' going on in America! 
Great company! 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: My father @realDonaldTrump promised to restore hope in America. 

That includes EVERYONE!!!

Together, let’s KEEP AMERI…
Thank you Mike! 
RT @TeamTrump: Our SECOND #SuperBowl ad just aired!

America is Stronger, Safer, and More Prosperous thanks to President @realDonaldTrump…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure. We are prou…
RT @parscale: The triggered left is doing everything possible to make negative talking points about the @realDonaldTrump #SuperBowl ad abou…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I promised to restore hope in America. That includes the least among us. Together, let’s KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 

Text TR…
RT @DavidAFrench: This was a good ad highlighting a very good thing Trump did. @AliceMarieFree is a good friend and a wonderful person.
RT @AliceMarieFree: Two Super Bowls ago I was sitting in a prison cell.

Today I am a free woman and my story was featured in a Super Bowl…
So Great! 
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure. We are proud of you and the Great State of Missouri. You are true Champions!
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game, and a fantastic comeback, under immense pressure. You represented the Great State of Kansas and, in fact, the entire USA, so very well. Our Country is PROUD OF YOU!
RT @Lrihendry: @realDonaldTrump BEST SUPER BOWL AD EVER! 

President Trump making lives better for minorities! 

Unlike Obama, who did noth…
RT @IsraelUSAforevr: @realDonaldTrump The best president ever 
RT @SexCounseling: @realDonaldTrump You have already done that in so many ways with prison reform, choice for veterans and a booming econom…
RT @CarlHigbie: @realDonaldTrump And all they got is a fraud impeachment. 2020 is gonna rock!!
RT @Sensedog: @realDonaldTrump Thank you Mr. President.
RT @SoCal4Trump: @realDonaldTrump Just saw the ad during the Super Bowl. Awesome ad, Mr. President. Politicians in the past have TALKED abo…
RT @RSBNetwork: @realDonaldTrump Promises MADE, Promises KEPT 🇺🇸
RT @leodunson: @realDonaldTrump The Republican Party my whole life has ignored Black America. This President continues to prove over and ov…
I promised to restore hope in America. That includes the least among us. Together, let’s KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 

Text TRUMP to 88022 if you liked our Super Bowl ad! 
ENJOY THE GAME USA, OUR COUNTRY IS DOING GREAT!
My @SuperBowl Interview at 3:30 P.M. on @foxnetworks. Enjoy!
Mini Mike is now negotiating both to get on the Democrat Primary debate stage, and to have the right to stand on boxes, or a lift, during the debates. This is sometimes done, but really not fair!
Many of the ads you are watching were paid for by Mini Mike Bloomberg. He is going nowhere, just wasting his money, but he is getting the DNC to rig the election against Crazy Bernie, something they wouldn’t do for @CoryBooker and others. They are doing it to Bernie again, 2016.
Mini Mike is part of the Fake News. They are all working together. In fact, Bloomberg isn’t covering himself (too boring to do), or other Dems. Only Trump. That sounds fair! It’s all the Fake News Media, and that’s why nobody believes in them any more.
The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, don’t want justice when pushing the Impeachment Hoax, they only want to destabilize the Republican Party so they can do better in the 2020 election, & that includes the House & Senate. They are playing with the people by taking it this far!
RT @DanScavino: #KeepAmericaGreat2020🇺🇸 
RT @tedcruz: Thx!
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I’m very pleased the Senate has rejected Democrats’ request to call additional witnesses after the House chose not to.…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: The fact is the House chose not to call witnesses like John Bolton because they wanted to impeach President Trump befo…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: This has been a partisan impeachment from Day 1 – terrible on process and dangerous on substance.  

It rings hollow f…
RT @GOP: Before Democrats like Adam Schiff were trying to use John Bolton to advance their political agenda, they were railing against him…
RT @GOP: “[House Democrats] created the record. Do not allow them to penalize the country, and the Constitution, because they failed to do…
RT @GOP: Today, President @realDonaldTrump reiterated his administration’s commitment to eradicate the scourge of human trafficking at toda…
RT @GOP: “We are dismantling the criminal organizations that make large-scale human trafficking possible.” -@realDonaldTrump 
RT @GOP: “The economy is working for workers, and they know it.”

RT @GOP: President @realDonaldTrump has made Historically Black Colleges and Universities a priority.

He's appropriated more money to HBCU…
RT @GOP: “This entire impeachment sham has been a predetermined narrative full of lies and false accusations designed to divide America and…
RT @GOP: African Americans have a champion in Pres. Trump!
 
He's created 1.6 MILLION jobs for black Americans since his election.
 
Africa…
RT @GOP: 👍👍👍

RT @GOP: “We’ve known this has been a waste of time and a sham from the beginning, and America is ready to move on. I think they've shown t…
Correct! 
RT @senatemajldr: A majority of the U.S. Senate has determined that the numerous witnesses and 28,000-plus pages of documents already in ev…
RT @EliseStefanik: Adam Schiff’s impeachment sham is OVER. 

It was partisan, unconstitutional, unfair, and flawed from the very start. 

F…
RT @SecAzar: At this time, the risk to Americans remains low, and we are working to keep it that way. We will continue our work to monitor,…
Thanks for your invaluable help Chuck! 
RT @SenPatRoberts: I'm proud to have stood with @realDonaldTrump as he signed the USMCA implementing legislation at the @WhiteHouse today.…
RT @SenPatRoberts: After hearing the entire case presented, I believe we’ve heard all we need in this impeachment trial. The job of the Sen…
RT @JerryMoran: When I took the oath at the beginning of the trial, I vowed to deliver impartial justice according to the Constitution & th…
RT @JerryMoran: It became clear over the course of the House managers’ arguments that the House failed to undertake its responsibility to c…
RT @JerryMoran: Nevertheless, having heard from both sides, the arguments demonstrate that additional evidence or witnesses would not chang…
RT @SenateGOP: Trade with Mexico and Canada supports 12 million American jobs. 

USMCA secures those jobs and grows our economy by $70 bill…
RT @MikeCrapo: Over the course of 9 days, we have reviewed testimony from 13 witnesses sworn under oath in the House hearings; over 28,000…
RT @MikeCrapo: Read mine and @SenatorRisch full statement: 
RT @SenJohnKennedy: Promise kept!
 
Today, @realDonaldTrump officially signed the historic #USMCA deal into law.
 
This trade deal is a mas…
RT @SenJohnKennedy: Reports of Bolton’s book don't answer the question: Why did POTUS ask for an investigation?

The Ukrainian government h…
RT @JimInhofe: After over 50 hours of testimony, questions and debate, I voted today to move to the next phase of the impeachment process.…
RT @JimInhofe: Despite Democrat efforts to distract citizens and stain his presidency with a partisan and unprecedented impeachment process…
Wall is moving along strong, tall and quickly. Thank you Jim for all of your help! 
Thank you John! 
Happy birthday to a wonderful man & friend! 
RT @NewsBowne: Schumer Shot Down By Justice Roberts.

RT @JohnCornyn: Senators Schumer, Warren, Van Hollen, and Congressman Schiff each tried to suck the Chief Justice into the vortex of their…
RT @FLOTUS: For the first time in 29 years, drug overdose deaths have dropped by 4.1% and life expectancy has increased by 4 years! Proud o…
RT @SenBillCassidy: Nancy Pelosi is accusing the Senate of not being fair because we refused to do her work for her. The truth is the House…
RT @SenTedCruz: Yesterday a majority in the Senate said: “we’re done, we’ve got enough, this is over.”
 
The President is going to be acqui…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Such a great, common sense, question. Crazy!
RT @ROHLL5: @PlaysTrumpCard @Lrihendry @realDonaldTrump @AnthemRespect @bfraser747 @atensnut @CarmineSabia @oUSA_JEDIo @carrieksada @Text88…
RT @Lrihendry: I want to remind all the lie filled leftist hypocrites of what happened in 1998 when they were all fine with Democrats block…
Such a great, common sense, question. Crazy! 
RT @Lrihendry: WOW! Mr President, this woman, Lynn, has never voted in her entire life until she was 59 years old. At the time she voted fo…
RT @IamAllOutOfGum: @Lrihendry @PlaysTrumpCard @realDonaldTrump @AnthemRespect @bfraser747 @ROHLL5 @atensnut @CarmineSabia @oUSA_JEDIo @car…
RT @PlaysTrumpCard: @realDonaldTrump We support you because we know your heart is in the right place, and greatly appreciate what an incred…
RT @Lrihendry: Fascinating paradox: the more President Trump gets investigated, the more crimes are exposed involving prominent Democrats.
Getting a little exercise this morning! 
RT @SeanDNaylor: U.S. killed a top al-Qaeda leader in Yemen, reports say 
RT @Rita_Katz: 6)Of all living #AlQaeda leaders, al-Rimi was the most compelling, known for his charisma & beloved across the AQ community.…
RT @Rita_Katz: 5)As I said yesterday, all but confirmed that #AQAP leader Qassim al-Rimi was killed in a U.S. drone strike. AQAP, although…
RT @Rita_Katz: 4)If true, and it seems to be, the dead of al-Rimi would mark a major blow to #AlQaeda on the whole. Al-Rimi was a candidate…
RT @Rita_Katz: 3)Breaking: It appears that Qasim al-Rimi, leader of the Yemen-based #AQAP, was the individual targeted & killed in a U.S. d…
Trump poll numbers are the highest since election, despite constant phony Witch Hunts! Tens of thousands of people attending rallies (which the Fake News never mentions) to see “The Greatest Show On Earth”. Fun because USA is WINNING AGAIN! 
Congratulations to @loudobbs, Number One. Lou has shown the Fake News what happens when you cover “America’s Greatest President”  fairly & objectively! #MAGA #KAG 
No matter what you give to the Democrats, in the end, they will NEVER be satisfied. In the House, they gave us NOTHING!
Democrats = 17 Witnesses. Republicans = 0 Witnesses.
The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats keep chanting “fairness”, when they put on the most unfair Witch Hunt in the history of the U.S. Congress. They had 17 Witnesses, we were allowed ZERO, and no lawyers. They didn’t do their job, had no case. The Dems are scamming America!
RT @WhiteHouse: "I am concerned about lowering impeachment standards to fit a paucity of evidence and an abundance of anger." — Jonathan Tu…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is celebrating USMCA in Michigan this afternoon!

Watch LIVE at 4:20 p.m. ET: 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Working closely with China and others on Coronavirus outbreak. Only 5 people in U.S., all in good recovery.
RT @WhiteHouse: 17 witnesses—picked by Democrats—have already testified.

But if Democrats want more, here are some suggestions ⬇️ 
RT @WhiteHouse: "We just ended a nightmare known as NAFTA." 
RT @WhiteHouse: Our nation boasts a proud legacy in the auto industry. 

USMCA is a BIG WIN for American automakers! 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump's policies are making it possible for hardworking Americans to find jobs, develop meaningful car…
RT @WhiteHouse: The first partisan impeachment in U.S. history hasn’t been short on distractions, misleading statements, and even outright…
RT @WhiteHouse: Pro-worker.
Pro-growth.
Pro-jobs.
Pro-America. 🇺🇸 
Incredible numbers! 
RT @WhiteHouse: There are many questions and concerns about the alleged whistleblower and potential conflicts of interest.

Democrats aren'…
RT @jabeale: Just my opinion, but it seems that this entire debacle - the lack of a legal/constitutional framework to subpoena witnesses du…
Nadler ripped final argument away from Schiff, thinks Shifty did a terrible job. They are fighting big time! 
THE BEST IS YET TO COME! 
Americans across the political spectrum are disgusted by the Washington Democrats’ Partisan Hoaxes, Witch Hunts, & Con Jobs. Registered Democrats and Independents are leaving the Democrat Party in droves, & we are welcoming these voters to the Republican Party w/ wide open arms! 
Washington Dems have spent the last 3 years trying to overturn the last election – and we will make sure they face another crushing defeat in the NEXT ELECTION. Together, we are going to win back the House, we are going to hold the Senate, & we are going to keep the White House! 
To keep America Safe, we have fully rebuilt the U.S. Military – it is now stronger, more powerful, and more lethal than ever before. Thanks to the courage of American Heroes, the ISIS Caliphate has been DESTROYED & its founder & leader – the animal known as al-Baghdadi – is DEAD! 
This November, we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Democrats and win the Great State of Iowa in a Historic Landslide! #KAG2020 
Thank you Iowa, I love you! 

Great poll in Iowa, where I just landed for a Big Rally! #KAG2020🇺🇸 
RT @JaapTitulaer: @paulsperry_ Can't violate the Logan Act when you're working for the president or acting at his request. 

Logan Act was…
RT @alx: CNN's John King: "Republicans make a good point. The Whistleblower started all this. Why has the Whistleblower never been question…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: The 1 witness transcript Schiff won't release (out of 18) talks about Schiff and the "whistleblower"--and how th…
RT @EliseStefanik: There is one transcript that Adam Schiff refuses to release.

The Intelligence Community Inspector General transcript.…
RT @RandPaul: My question today is about whether or not individuals who were holdovers from the Obama National Security Council and Democra…
RT @MZHemingway: WATCH THIS
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Over dozen Senators just asked Schiff about RCI story (below) & he did not deny it but complained about “attacks…
RT @marc_lotter: While Democrats focus on WITCH HUNT, @realDonaldTrump is highlighting how he is working to help American autoworkers and A…
RT @EpochTimesCan: Trump administration forms #coronavirus task force

RT @DeAnna4Congress: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Schiff hasn’t done a thing for his district nor has Nancy Pelosi in SF!

Nancy has bee…
RT @SexCounseling: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Schiff is a congenital liar that has done nothing positive for the American people.
RT @bfraser747: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends If you're a Democrat you really have no choice but to #VoteTrump2020 . He's the only guy in…
RT @bfraser747: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Schiff and many more of these elected people should all be ashamed of themselves. What have…
RT @MatthewJshow: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends When will Schiff be investigated?
RT @SteveScalise: While Dems obsess over impeachment, @realDonaldTrump is working for YOU!

– #USMCA signed
– Middle East peace plan announ…
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Democrats didn't accept the results of the 2016 election; that's why they've been pushing to impeach and remove Preside…
RT @RepMikeJohnson: Our defense team has done its job. We've shown Adam Schiff & Co. have no case, no evidence, and no justification for im…
RT @RepMarkMeadows: 128 days. 17 Democrat witnesses. And they still have no case.

It’s over. This trial should end tomorrow with President…
RT @RepMarkMeadows: How about this:

If the Senate discusses calling witnesses, and Adam Schiff continues demanding we block questions and…
RT @EliseStefanik: Once again Adam Schiff makes up dialogue of the President of the United States on the floor of the Senate.

Just like Sc…
Working closely with China and others on Coronavirus outbreak. Only 5 people in U.S., all in good recovery.
Leaving Michigan now, great visit, heading for Iowa. Big Rally!
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump delivers remarks at a USMCA celebration! 
BIGGEST TRADE DEAL EVER MADE, the USMCA, was signed yesterday and the Fake News Media barely mentioned it. They never thought it could be done. They have zero credibility!
Just landed in Michigan. Car companies, and many others, are building and expanding here. Great to see!
Happy birthday today to two of the very best in Congress—@RepMikeJohnson (age 48) and @RepLeeZeldin (age 40—big one!). Two Great American Patriots!!
Congressman @MichaelCBurgess has done a Great job representing the people of Texas. He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Mike is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Brian @Babin4Congress of Texas has been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on the Second Amendment and Securing our Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Brian has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Great photos from a SOUTHERN BORDER WALL Briefing with Secretary of Defense, Mark @EsperDoD! 
RT @IvankaTrump: 🇺🇸 New Gallup Poll 🇺🇸 Double-digit improvements in how Americans view the nation’s economy, security from terrorism, milit…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
“Schiff blasted for not focusing on California homeless.” @foxandfriends  His District is in terrible shape. He is a corrupt pol who only dreams of the Impeachment Hoax. In my opinion he is mentally deranged!
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
Just received a briefing on the Coronavirus in China from all of our GREAT agencies, who are also working closely with China. We will continue to monitor the ongoing developments. We have the best experts anywhere in the world, and they are on top of it 24/7! 
Nancy Pelosi wants Congress to take away authority Presidents use to stand up to other countries and defend AMERICANS. Stand with your Commander in Chiefs!
With Votes in the House tomorrow, Democrats want to make it harder for Presidents to defend America, and stand up to, as an example, Iran. Protect our GREAT COUNTRY!
GAME OVER! 
For the first time in American History, we have replaced a disastrous Trade Deal that REWARDED outsourcing with a truly FAIR and RECIPROCAL Trade Deal that will keep jobs, wealth and growth right here in AMERICA! 
Thanks to our pro-worker, pro-American economic policies, unemployment is at the lowest level in more than 50 years. We have created over 7 MILLION new JOBS. More Americans are working today than EVER before. We have the hottest ECONOMY on earth! 
USMCA is a cutting edge state of the art agreement that protects, defends and serves the great people of our Country. Promises Made, Promises Kept! 
USMCA is a massive win for American manufacturers and auto workers! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump signs USMCA! 
They will never be satisfied! 
“The best evidence is the Transcript itself.”  Brad Blakeman  @FoxNews
There is much talk that certain Democrats are going to be voting with Republicans on the Impeachment Hoax, so that the Senate can get back to the business of taking care of the American people. Sorry, but Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will never let that happen!
On the Iraq War Resolution being voted on tomorrow in the House of Represenatives, we are down to 5000 soldiers, and going down, and I want everyone, Republican and Democrat, to vote their HEART!
Mark Penn, Harris Poll: “It’s time to end the Impeachment Trial.” @foxandfriends  Just another political Hoax by the Dems!
Remember Republicans, the Democrats already had 17 witnesses, we were given NONE! Witnesses are up to the House, not up to the Senate. Don’t let the Dems play you!
RT @realDonaldTrump: No matter how many witnesses you give the Democrats, no matter how much information is given, like the quickly produce…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Why didn’t John Bolton complain about this “nonsense” a long time ago, when he was very publicly terminated. He said,…
....many more mistakes of judgement, gets fired because frankly, if I listened to him, we would be in World War Six by now, and goes out and IMMEDIATELY writes a nasty & untrue book. All Classified National Security. Who would do this?
For a guy who couldn’t get approved for the Ambassador to the U.N. years ago, couldn’t get approved for anything since, “begged” me for a non Senate approved job, which I gave him despite many saying “Don’t do it, sir,” takes the job, mistakenly says “Libyan Model” on T.V., and..
RT @njdotcom: @POTUS @IamNPaterson After hours in line, some people are streaming inside ahead of President Donald Trump's rally in Wildwoo…
Democrats admitting the Impeachment Hoax! 
RT @Jeff10diego: @ASavageNation Finally, common sense in the Supreme Court again
Thank you! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 175,000 ticket requests. Keep America Great!
175,000 ticket requests. Keep America Great! 
Why didn’t John Bolton complain about this “nonsense” a long time ago, when he was very publicly terminated. He said, not that it matters, NOTHING!
No matter how many witnesses you give the Democrats, no matter how much information is given, like the quickly produced Transcripts, it will NEVER be enough for them. They will always scream UNFAIR. The Impeachment Hoax is just another political CON JOB!
RT @SenRickScott: This is just like the Kavanaugh hearings. Democrats are always going to find something to add to their list of grievances…
RT @GOPLeader: In a matter of hours, the President's legal team blew apart months of lies from Chairman Adam Schiff.
 
It's time to move on…
RT @SenateGOP: Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

The American people have heard enough.

People realize this is partisan & political. 

I’m comfo…
RT @SenateGOP: WATCH

In his closing remarks, @realdonaldtrump's Counsel Pat Cippolone plays old footage of MULTIPLE DEMOCRATS (including c…
RT @HawleyMO: After listening to the Dems’ 20+ hours of argument and the rebuttal arguments from @realDonaldTrump, I’ve got lots of questio…
RT @SenThomTillis: The only thing we’ve seen from the #impeachment trial is a political exercise by Chuck and Nancy to prevent us from cont…
RT @SenTedCruz: I am confident that at the end of this process, @realDonaldTrump will be acquitted.


RT @SenTedCruz: WATCH 📺 @FoxNews at 8pm CT —&gt; I’ll be joining @seanhannity to discuss the final day of oral arguments and what’s next in th…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Today, @realDonaldTrump’s defense team finished their opening argument. 

They made it clear that the House impeached…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I’m increasingly optimistic this ends Friday. ...The defense team destroyed the House case.

Check out my conversation…
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died to secure—then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020. Only this way, can we save the America we love – and drain the Washington Swamp once and for all! 
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! #TrumpRallyNJ #KAG2020 
Thank you Wildwood, New Jersey! #KeepAmericaGreat🇺🇸
It’s amazing what I’ve done, the most of any President in the first three years (by far), considering that for three years I’ve been under phony political investigations and the Impeachment Hoax! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
RT @joniernst: This Impeachment mess is only serving to further divide our country. Folks in Iowa want to see us getting work done. This is…
Heading to New Jersey. Big Rally, in fact, Really Big Rally!
RT @OANN: Johnson & Johnson to create coronavirus vaccine 
The Witch Hunt continues! 
This is what a future State of Palestine can look like, with a capital in parts of East Jerusalem. 
هذا ما قد تبدو عليه دولة فلسطين المستقبلية بعاصمة في أجزاء من القدس الشرقية. 
I will always stand with the State of Israel and the Jewish people. I strongly support their safety and security and their right to live within their historical homeland. It's time for peace! 
תמיד אעמוד לצד מדינת ישראל והעם היהודי. אני תומך בחוזקה בבטיחותם ובטחונם ובזכותם לחיות במולדתם ההיסטורית. הגיע הזמן לשלום! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump unveils plan for peace agreement 
The Fed should get smart &  lower the Rate to make our interest competitive with other Countries which pay much lower even though we are, by far, the high standard. We would then focus on paying off & refinancing debt! There is almost no inflation-this is the time (2 years late)!
Are you better off now than you were three years ago? Almost everyone say YES!
.....So, what the hell has happened to @FoxNews. Only I know! Chris Wallace and others should be on Fake News CNN or MSDNC. How’s Shep Smith doing? Watch, this will be the beginning of the end for Fox, just like the other two which are dying in the ratings. Social Media is great!
Really pathetic how @FoxNews is trying to be so politically correct by loading the airwaves with Democrats like Chris Van Hollen, the no name Senator from Maryland. He has been on forever playing up the Impeachment Hoax. Dems wouldn’t even give Fox their low ratings debates....
RT @SenMikeLee: It was an honor to share the stage with @realDonaldTrump Friday when he became the first president to speak at the #MarchFo…
RT @SenTedCruz: Why should the American people care about Hunter Biden & #Burisma? 

The answer is simple: there is significant evidence of…
RT @CBSNews: Sen. Ted Cruz says he doesn't think additional witnesses should be called for impeachment trial and that testimony from John B…
RT @SenateGOP: .@SenTedCruz:

The House Managers base their entire case on the proposition that investigating corruption for Burisma and th…
RT @DLoesch: There is something to be said for being good at both retail politics and expressing genuine enjoyment when greeting folks.
Don Lemon, the dumbest man on television (with terrible ratings!). 
RT @DailyCaller: VP Pence’s Office Forcefully Pushes Back Against Reports Trump Tied Ukraine Aid To Biden Probe 
RT @TheFirstonTV: . @EliseStefanik goes head-to-head with a reporter and shuts her accusations down: 
RT @JackPosobiec: Dershowitz just carefully explained why Adam Schiff’s articles of impeachment are completely unconstitutional
RT @JackPosobiec: The Trump crowd camping out overnight in Wildwood is absolutely massive 
RT @JackPosobiec: Hundreds of people are camping out overnight for the Trump rally in Wildwood 
RT @JackPosobiec: 1,000 Trump Supporters Camping Out in Wildwood! 
Charlie, I always knew you are brilliant! 
RT @brithume: McConnell had a choice, to be liked by Democrats and the media or to be effective. He chose effective. By ⁦@wjmcgurn⁩  
RT @RandPaul: Why didn’t John Bolton testify to the US House? Apparently his book wasn’t quite finished yet for presales!
RT @ArthurSchwartz: Not mentioned: Bolton was never seriously considered for any position in the Trump admin that required senate confirmat…
RT @BreitbartNews: Alan Dershowitz shredded Democrats' Impeachment Stunt arguments with scalpel-like precision. 
RT @SenDanSullivan: Congressman Nadler tried to bring his House circus to the floor of the Senate tonight with his insults and accusations…
RT @SenShelby: Great news for farmers, ranchers, and small business owners! @POTUS continues to cut red tape, keeping his promise to protec…
RT @sendavidperdue: For Democrats, this impeachment process has never been about finding the truth or protecting the Republic.
 
This is al…
RT @gazettedotcom: Ernst: New trade deals are big wins for Iowa exporters 
RT @SenJoniErnst: The Trump Administration’s new #WOTUS corrects the egregious overreach of the Obama-era rule. I joined @agripulse to disc…
RT @SenJoniErnst: BREAKING: Since day one, I've been fighting to pass a trade agreement with Iowa's two biggest trade partners, Mexico & Ca…
Thank you to Chuck & all. USMCA is going to be GREAT! 
Thank you Roger, it is a big Hoax! 
RT @SenCapito: As an appropriator and chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on @EPWGOP, I’m proud to work with sta…
RT @westerncaucus: BREAKING: @POTUS has kept another promise to the American people by repealing & replacing the Obama-era WOTUS rule, endi…
RT @MikeCrapo: The @EPA and the @USACEHQ announced the final rule for the Navigable Waters Protection Rule. The rule provides clarity to th…
Congrats to Christine! 
A full & complete Endorsement for @RepDonBacon, who is doing a great job. Strong on crime, loves our Military, Vets & 2A! 
RT @SenateForeign: Today I was briefed by leading global health experts about the outbreak of a novel coronavirus in China. We learned that…
RT @SenJohnHoeven: Looking forward to honoring @NDSUfootball at the White House again this year. The #Bison had a tremendous season winning…
RT @JerryMoran: If you are a worker affected by the Boeing 737 Max production suspension and related layoffs, please visit this one-stop re…
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: The House could have called all these witnesses and chose not to. As senators, we have a responsibility to not allow t…
RT @RoyBlunt: #USMCA heading to @POTUS's desk ✅
Economy is stronger than it’s been in 50 yrs thanks in large part to having the right tax p…
RT @HawleyMO: I say again: if the Senate is going to call witnesses, then I will ask to hear from Adam Schiff, Hunter Biden, Joe Biden & th…
RT @HawleyMO: Dershowitz eviscerates the Dems’ case tonight. They have not charged an impeachable offense or alleged impeachable conduct. P…
On International Holocaust Remembrance Day, we remember the millions of precious souls who perished as a result of the horrific crimes perpetrated by the Nazi regime....
RT @realDonaldTrump: All Democrats should watch this! 
Senate hearing on the Impeachment Hoax starts today at 1:00 P.M.
We are in very close communication with China concerning the virus. Very few cases reported in USA, but strongly on watch. We have offered China and President Xi any help that is necessary. Our experts are extraordinary!
Schiff must release the IG report, without changes or tampering, which is said to be yet further exoneration of the Impeachment Hoax. He refuses to give it. Does it link him to Whistleblower? Why is he so adamant?
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
RT @joegooding: .@realDonaldTrump @potus Thank you Mr. President! #MAGA 
RT @joegooding: This “Bolton Bombshell” from The NY Times (hardly a reliable source on @POTUS @realDonaldTrump reporting) seems to have dro…
RT @JennaEllisEsq: After everything @realDonaldTrump has done for this country (at great personal cost!) it is so sad that so many are will…
RT @LouDobbs: Rejected Neocon, Failing NYTimes, Deep State's Last Desperate Act After @POTUS Attorneys Destroy Radical Dems, Schiff and Pel…
RT @dbongino: Regarding Bolton:
1) Nobody cares
2) The aid was delivered
3) The Ukrainians aren’t victims (just ask them)
4) The Democrats’…
The Democrat controlled House never even asked John Bolton to testify. It is up to them, not up to the Senate!
I NEVER told John Bolton that the aid to Ukraine was tied to investigations into Democrats, including the Bidens. In fact, he never complained about this at the time of his very public termination. If John Bolton said this, it was only to sell a book. With that being said, the...
...transcripts of my calls with President Zelensky are all the proof that is needed, in addition to the fact that President Zelensky & the Foreign Minister of Ukraine said there was no pressure and no problems. Additionally, I met with President Zelensky at the United Nations...
...(Democrats said I never met) and released the military aid to Ukraine without any conditions or investigations - and far ahead of schedule. I also allowed Ukraine to purchase Javelin anti-tank missiles. My Administration has done far more than the previous Administration.
RT @seanmdav: John Bolton is running the exact same revenge playbook against Trump that James Comey used. He’s even using the same agent an…
RT @seanmdav: Just like James Comey, John Bolton is trying to get rich off of a lie- and leak-fueled campaign to overturn the 2016 election…
RT @MZHemingway: This is obviously book promo coordinated with compliant media, yes. But an additional word of skepticism: these *particula…
Kobe Bryant, despite being one of the truly great basketball players of all time, was just getting started in life. He loved his family so much, and had such strong passion for the future. The loss of his beautiful daughter, Gianna, makes this moment even more devastating....
.....Melania and I send our warmest condolences to Vanessa and the wonderful Bryant family. May God be with you all!
RT @GeraldoRivera: Gloom settling on Democrats as they realize they’ve taken their best kill shot & missed. Dems  in despair. Republicans U…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: We have a duty to protect the Constitution for America’s next generation. Hearing again how @realDonaldTrump’s 2016 ca…
RT @GOPLeader: This whole impeachment sham has been a taxpayer-funded campaign stunt for the Democrats. 
 
They took Americans’ hard-earned…
RT @GOPLeader: From the beginning, Democrats' impeachment sham has been marred by selective leaks to the media, a completely predetermined…
Reports are that basketball great Kobe Bryant and three others have been killed in a helicopter crash in California. That is terrible news!
RT @Jim_Jordan: Pat Cipollone said it best yesterday:

“For all [the Democrats’] talk about election interference, they’re here to perpetra…
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Folks: a must read thread from @RepLeeZeldin breaking down the spin, misdirections, and outright lies in the Democrats…
Nothing done wrong, READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
Majority of people say “the U.S. Senate already has enough information!” @FoxNews
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! 191 Federal Judges (a record), and two Supreme Court Justices, approved. Best Economy & Employment Numbers EVER. Thank you to our great New, Smart and Nimble REPUBLICAN PARTY. Join now, it’s where people want to be!
Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Corrupt Press, just had a “totally” softball interview with conman Adam Schiff, never even calling Shifty out on his fraudulent statement to Congress, where he made up ALL of the words of my conversation with the Ukrainian President! FAKE NEWS
After having been exposed as a fraud and corrupt, can anyone, including Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Fake @NBCNews, continue to listen to his con?
“Again: Read the Transcript!” Michael Goodwin, New York Post, Sunday.
Great Editorial in today’s Wall Street Journal, “And Congress Shall Be King.” Bottom line: “The President becomes a vassal of King Congress. This is another reason for the Senate to repudiate this House Impeachment as its own abuse of power.” A partisan Hoax!
Why didn’t Schiff release this? 
RT @marklevinshow: Even CNN’s legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin found the president’s lawyers persuasive!  

A very good question! 
RT @JudgeJeanine: I caught up with Sen. Ted Cruz on Capitol Hill -- check out our interview below! 
“This is what Democrats have done. They want to create the idea that there is all this smoke so people think there’s fire. They did this with Russia Collusion, & there was no fire. It makes zero sense what the Democrats are accusing him of.” @LisaMarieBoothe @foxandfriends
“It was amazing to watch three days of arguments dismantled in two hours.” @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends
Paul Krugman is a lightweight thinker who doesn’t have a clue. Caused huge economic damage to his follower’s pocketbooks. He, and others, should be fired by @nytimes! 
RT @GreggJarrett: Pelosi’s Sham Impeachment Case Against Trump Is An Abuse Of Power For Political Gain 
Rep. Jim Jordan Delivers Knockout Blow to Schiff’s Reputation 
Shifty Adam Schiff is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN, and probably a very sick man. He has not paid the price, yet, for what he has done to our Country!
The Impeachment Hoax is a massive election interference the likes of which has never been seen before. In just two hours the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have seen their phony case absolutely shredded. Shifty is now exposed for illegally making up my phone call, & more!
RT @GeraldoRivera: After hoodwinking the nation for over two years with their totally bogus, shamelessly partisan Russia Witch-hunt, the De…
RT @GeraldoRivera: Imagine being a new president & having elements of your #DOJ & #FBI trying for 2 years to entrap you in perjury after fa…
RT @MariaBartiromo: Tomorrow join us #Exclusive @SundayFutures @FoxNews @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC @TGowdySC @RepRatcliffe @R…
RT @WhiteHouse: Nancy Pelosi announced the impeachment inquiry before she ever read the July 25 call—which you can read here, because Presi…
RT @WhiteHouse: These facts establish what we knew from the very beginning: President @realDonaldTrump did nothing wrong. 
RT @GOPChairwoman: Since Democrats' sham started, @realDonaldTrump’s approval rating is up. 

He’s getting very strong numbers on the econo…
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: "Why didn't the (House Managers) put Ambassador Sondland's testimony in its full and proper context for your considerat…
RT @HouseGOP: For months, House Democrats said they had “overwhelming,” “compelling,” and “uncontested” evidence.
 
After rushing a rigged…
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Democrats have said for weeks that their case against President @realDonaldTrump is "overwhelming," and that the eviden…
RT @JonathanTurley: By giving up much of the first day, the White House gave a concise opening, relieved the jury, and pushed the main argu…
RT @SenateGOP: 🍿🎥 "Groundhog Day in the Senate" feat. @RepAdamSchiff 
RT @RoyBlunt: “Americans' confidence in the U.S. economy is higher than at any point in about two decades.” 
RT @MarshaBlackburn: We have a duty to examine the full record sent to us by the House (created by Democrats *and* Republicans), to be true…
RT @SenBillCassidy: The American people are tired of hearing from @RepAdamSchiff. They want to
know how we’re going to lower the cost of pr…
RT @SenateGOP: Dems' case has collapsed.

SIX FACTS:

1. Transcript shows no conditionality

2. Zelensky says no pressure

3. Ukraine didn'…
RT @cspan: .@SenJoniErnst: "Within two hours I thought that the White House Counsel and their team entirely shredded the case that has been…
RT @SenatorLankford: For 3 days House Managers have cherry picked bits & pieces of information to make their case. Today, we got to hear th…
True! 
RT @SenKevinCramer: As I said on this morning‘s @foxandfriends, Democrats already admitted this is all about the next election, but the pow…
RT @JimInhofe: The Democrats real motivation is clear: they want to stop what we've accomplished with @realDonaldTrump and distract everyon…
RT @SenatorLoeffler: The House Democrats spent 24 hours recycling baseless attacks against @realDonaldTrump. It didn't take but two hours f…
RT @samantha_zager: In front of a packed @AZGOP state convention, @RepDLesko confirmed what Americans are already thinking: the Democrats’…
RT @GOP: One day into President @realDonaldTrump’s legal team’s opening arguments and they’re already dismantling the House Democrats’ case…
RT @GOPLeader: Chairman Adam Schiff is right about one thing. There IS a cover-up going on. He covered up:
→ His contact with the whistlebl…
All Democrats should watch this! 
وزیر امور خارجه ایران می گوید ایران خواستار مذاکره با ایالات متحده است اما می خواهد که تحریم ها برداشته شود. @FoxNews @OANN   نه، مرسی! 
Iranian Foreign Minister says Iran wants to negotiate with The United States, but wants sanctions removed. @FoxNews  @OANN No Thanks!
Previous quote from the great Republican Senator, Jim Inhofe, of Oklahoma - Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee
....at the judges that we have right now.
“You don’t come to court and ask for witnesses after you’ve already presented your case, unless you know your case is not working. I think their real motivation is for them to keep this President busy. We’re doing a great job on the economy, we’re building our military, look.....
RT @SenRickScott: The law enforcement from @ESCOnews and NAS Pensacola that responded to the terrorist attack last month are heroes who des…
RT @SenatorBraun: REPORTER: So you're saying that it's okay for a President to ask a foreign leader to investigate a political rival and wi…
RT @HawleyMO: Powerful, professional opening presentation today by @realDonaldTrump attorneys. Methodically used Dems’ own evidence to demo…
RT @benyc: .@SenJoniErnst says Trump's team "entirely shredded" the case from the House managers. 

"It was full of truths and facts, as pr…
RT @SenRickScott: Today, the @whitehouse team presented facts, not partisan rhetoric and innuendo. 

Put simply, @RepAdamSchiff got knee-ca…
RT @dcexaminer: .@SenatorBraun: @repadamschiff's credibility "is going to start to tank," as the impeachment trial continues.

"From where…
RT @SenatorBraun: Adam Schiff has been involved with this since the Mueller Report fell flat, and today he was caught in 2 contradictions:…
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Today, we heard a presentation that was strong, that was clear & that completely undermined the case of Democrats agai…
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Videos @RepAdamSchiff showed repeatedly in the impeachment trial withheld critical information. We will continue to he…
Martha is a great leader on this issue! 
RT @ronaldjhansen: No one seems to be having more fun or getting a warmer reception at @AZGOP meeting than @RepDLesko, who is part of @real…
RT @DebbieLesko: What a crowd this morning with @AZGOP and @dougducey @DrPaulGosar @andybiggs4az @DavidSchweikert @kelliwardaz! Arizona Rep…
RT @dougducey: Excited to kick off the annual AZGOP state meeting! Thanks to all our hardworking PCs and volunteers — your tireless work is…
Three great men! 
RT @replouiegohmert: ICYMI: Discussed the impeachment trial in the Senate with @trish_regan. Watch the full interview here: 
RT @RepMikeJohnson: I litigated high-profile constitutional law cases in federal courts for 20 yrs before coming to Congress--and I have ne…
RT @RepMarkMeadows: 3 days of Democrat arguments were just shredded in 2 hours
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: In 2 hours, President @realDonaldTrump's team masterfully presented arguments that completely dismantles the Democrats'…
RT @SenJoniErnst: Just wrapped up today’s opening arguments by the White House.

While all this is going on in DC, back home Iowans are exc…
Such a great family! 
RT @trish_regan: #ICYMI #Dems so blinded by hate for Trump, they’re handing him the #2020 election! This week will go down in history as th…
RT @SenateGOP: Conference Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

When @realdonaldtrump's counsel read the transcript of the phone call and then played…
RT @Jim_Jordan: 2 hours of truth beats over 20 hours of presumptions, assumptions, and hearsay.
RT @marklevinshow: Media and Democrats glum.  President’s lawyers shredding the House Democrats’ unconstitutional impeachment.  Unraveling…
RT @marklevinshow: 2. Kudos to the president’s legal team.  Now, ignore the “analysts” and enjoy the rest of  your Saturday. You’ve reason…
RT @marklevinshow: 1. How many legal analysts on TV insisted the president’s team must not argue the facts because the facts don’t help the…
RT @LouDobbs: President’s lawyers dissected the Radical Dems efforts to overthrow @realDonaldTrump under the guise of what has been clearly…
RT @GOPLeader: No wonder Chairman Adam Schiff wouldn’t let the President’s lawyers participate in his sham hearings. They just dismantled h…
RT @RepMarkMeadows: There is no other way to spin it: The response today from the President’s legal team has been absolutely devastating to…
RT @DanScavino: "This is a disgrace to mankind and a disgrace to the people of the United States of America. This is a crime: an impeachmen…
Thank you Nick! 
RT @RedState: DOJ Responds to Andrew McCabe's Lawsuit and It's an Absolute Beatdown 
RT @BreitbartNews: “That’s where he lost me.”

Schiff just stepped in it BIG TIME if he's hoping to turn moderate Republicans against Trump…
RT @JudicialWatch: Americans need an Intelligence Committee that can be trusted, and Representative #AdamSchiff has proven that he cannot b…
RT @JudicialWatch: SENATE SHOULD DISMISS @REALDONALDTRUMP IMPEACHMENT -- INVESTIGATE SCHIFF'S MISCONDUCT! @Daily caller @judicialwatch http…
RT @JudicialWatch: A Judicial Watch lawsuit forced the state of California to begin removing more than 1.5 million potentially invalid name…
RT @GreggJarrett: New Poll Shows Dem’s Impeachment Hopes are Doomed 
RT @GreggJarrett: Comey (and the Media’s) Coverup Unravels 
RT @GreggJarrett: This entire impeachment process has been the true 'abuse of power' for political gain by the Democrats and especially Nan…
RT @RepByrne: Democrat impeachment managers attempted to make their case over three long days. Today, @realDonaldTrump's legal team destroy…
RT @SteveScalise: President Trump's legal team completely destroyed 3 days of Adam Schiff's false allegations in just 2 hours. Today was de…
Any fair minded person watching the Senate trial today would be able to see how unfairly I have been treated and that this is indeed the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax that EVERYBODY, including the Democrats, truly knows it is. This should never be allowed to happen again!
RT @Scavino45: 
RT @Scavino45: 🚨🚨LIVE🚨🚨TRUMP TEAM OPENING ARGUMENTS....

Our case against lyin’, cheatin’, liddle’ Adam “Shifty” Schiff, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, Nervous Nancy Pelosi, their leader, dumb as a rock AOC, & the entire Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrat Party, starts today at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews, @OANN or Fake News @CNN or Fake News MSDNC!
“I like President Trump’s Tweets (Social Media), I like everything about him...and this Ukraine stuff, the trial, the impeachment, this isn’t t about Ukraine. Donald Trump has committed the two unpardonable sins in the eyes of the Democrats. He beat Hillary Clinton in 2016, and..
....secondly, he is fulfilling every promise he made, and that is making his opponents apoplectic. They’re trying to get him out of office, and they’re not going to succeed.” Pastor Robert Jeffress, author of “Choosing the Extraordinary Life”  Thank you Pastor! @LouDobbs @FoxBus
The Great @LouDobbs: “People know, after 3 years of this President, the most historic President in our Country’s history, that there is no one who can touch what he’s done in 3 years, foreign policy, domestic policy, you name it, it’s amazing. Just to have the guts not to be.....
....intimidated by this national left wing media, that reduces most politicians and most public figures to whining, crying, puddles of cowardice - it is really something to have a man in the White House who has a courageous heart and does what he says he will do.”
RT @RandPaul: 36 hours of ad hominem attacks by Schiff et al can’t erase the irony that the Democrats are doing exactly what they accuse @r…
RT @HouseGOP: "The American people see this for what it is, which is a disingenuous attack on the President. The Democrats keep saying, 'Ou…
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Absolutely stunning to see Washington Democrats on the Senate Floor today not only peddling flimsy allegations regardin…
RT @SenatorTimScott: The facts are clear, House Democrats aren't interested in removing POTUS now (because they know they can't), they're i…
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Tomorrow, the White House will be able to make its case, & for the first time, the defense of @realDonaldTrump will be…
RT @HawleyMO: Schiff & Co end as they began: insulting senators, calling @realDonaldTrump a dictator, and disparaging the will of the voters
Check out @seanhannity now on @FoxNews. Big tonight!
RT @HawleyMO: Schiff today laid bare the liberal hysteria motivating impeachment. Talked repeatedly about a “coup,” said @realDonaldTrump w…
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Pres Obama refused to provide lethal aid to Ukraine. His team didn't want to upset Putin.

Pres Trump provided lethal aid…
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Adam Schiff thinks he can talk about trust.

You can't trust Adam Schiff with the truth.

He falsely retold the 7/25 co…
RT @RepMikeJohnson: Adam Schiff and the #ShamImpeachment mis-managers are making a better case for changing the channel than impeaching @re…
RT @realDonaldTrump: #MarchForLife 

RT @realDonaldTrump: 
A really big show tonight by @seanhannity  9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Heavy emphasis on the Impeachment Hoax. The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have gone crazy. They know it’s a con, but just can’t sell it! Public strongly against Impeachment.
RT @MarshaBlackburn: This obsession with impeachment* is out of hand. 

Tennesseans have their priorities straight: trade, border security,…
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Since @realDonaldTrump took office, we’ve added 7 million new jobs, consumer confidence & the stock market are at all-…
RT @SenateGOP: Conference Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

Adam Schiff says he doesn't trust the voters.

He didn't trust them in 2016 and doesn…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Do Nothing Democrats just keep repeating and repeating, over and over again, the same old “stuff” on the Impeachme…
It was my honor to welcome our nation’s Mayors to the @WhiteHouse as we continue to strengthen the bonds of cooperation between federal and local governments so that we can deliver great jobs, excellent schools, affordable healthcare, and safe communities for all of our people! 
After consultation with our Great Military Leaders, designers, and others, I am pleased to present the new logo for the United States Space Force, the Sixth Branch of our Magnificent Military! 
China has been working very hard to contain the Coronavirus. The United States greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency. It will all work out well. In particular, on behalf of the American People, I want to thank President Xi!
#MarchForLife 

The Do Nothing Democrats just keep repeating and repeating, over and over again, the same old “stuff” on the Impeachment Hoax. They want to use up ALL of their time, even though it is the wrong thing to do. They ought to go back to work for our great American people!
RT @SenKevinCramer: Yesterday @RepAdamSchiff spent 8 hours making 1 hour's worth of a case for why we should impeach President @realDonaldT…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Vindman’s commanding officer, Army Lt. Col. Jim Hickman: “Do not let the uniform fool you. He is a political activist…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: The American people deserve the truth on the “whistleblower,” Vindman and how this impeachment got started. 
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
RT @GreggJarrett: New Poll Shows Dem’s Impeachment Hopes are Doomed 
RT @GreggJarrett: Under Dems’ Trump impeachment justification, Lincoln would’ve been impeached 
RT @GreggJarrett: Rep. Jim Jordan Delivers Knockout Blow to Schiff’s Reputation 
More than anything else, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, like AOC, Omar, Cryin’ Chuck, Nervous Nancy & Shifty Schiff, are angry & “deranged” over the fact that Republicans are up to 191 Federal Judges & Two Great New Supreme Court Justices. Don’t blame me, blame Obama!
RT @GreggJarrett: This entire impeachment process has been the true 'abuse of power' for political gain by the Democrats and especially Nan…
Jim is great! 
Cryin’ Chuck never had what it takes, and never will! 
RT @JohnCornyn: Sen. Schumer’s partisan accusations and threats have further exposed his real goal with this trial: becoming Senate majorit…
RT @SenTedCruz: IMPEACHMENT DAY 3: House Democrats have inadvertently thrown Joe Biden under the bus 
RT @SenTedCruz: This partisan #impeachment process is driven by Democrats’ anger – anger that the American people elected @realDonaldTrump.…
The Impeachment Hoax is interfering with the 2020 Election - But that was the idea behind the Radical Left, Do Nothing Dems Scam attack. They always knew I did nothing wrong!
“I often get asked the question, well, isn’t the President going to be stronger and harder to beat if he survives this? The answer is yes, but, the Congress has no choice, it has a Constitutional responsibility.” Joe Biden, pres. candidate. Even Joe agrees with us! @foxandfriends
After having been treated unbelievably unfairly in the House, and then having to endure hour after hour of lies, fraud & deception by Shifty Schiff, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer & their crew, looks like my lawyers will be forced to start on Saturday, which is called Death Valley in T.V.
....a foreign power, engaged in clandestine intelligence activities, and yet they still asked for the renewal, two more times, and it gave the right for the government to rifle through the Trump campaigns files, & Emails, Text messages.....” So how bad & illegal is that? @FoxNews
Frances Hakes, former Federal prosecutor, “This is really significant. The FBI had debunked the Steele Dossier in January of 2017, and then even after they did that, even after they knew from the CIA & from their own sources, they knew that Carter Page was not the agent of
RT @SCAttyGenOffice: .@AGAlanWilson is leading an unprecedented action in which 21  AGs filed the first-ever “friend of the Senate” letter…
RT @SenateGOP: .@SenJoniErnst:

How did the Obama Administration react to the invasion of Ukraine?

They reacted by sending blankets.

Blan…
RT @SenJoniErnst: The Democratic House Managers’ hypocrisy is on full display: they’ve spent most of their time lecturing the Senate on aid…
RT @GOP: "The fallout for the country has been missed opportunities. They should be working w/ the President on lowering the cost of prescr…
RT @GOP: On the Democrats’ charge of abuse of power, legal expert Jonathan Turley reviewed the Democrats’ case and concluded that not only…
RT @GOP: "Compared to the President who actually has something to run on...[Democrats] know they can't win on the facts, so they are trying…
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: This impeachment vote is about removing the president from office, something that has never happened before. This is a…
RT @SenateGOP: Jonathan Turley, well-known constitutional law expert (and liberal Democrat!) says Democrats' rushed impeachment process wil…
RT @cspan: .@SenatorLankford on the House Impeachment Manager's case so far: "On Tuesday, all day, we heard the same stories, same videos.…
RT @SenatorTimScott: The info brought to the floor today alleges that @realDonaldTrump has done nothing to help the Ukrainian people when i…
RT @SenMikeLee: After 33 days of delay managers argued this was urgent. After hearing from 17 witnesses managers said they need more. After…
RT @GOP: Impeachment was an urgent matter until Pelosi delayed the process 28 days—now Dems are saying the process isn’t long enough. 🤔
 
D…
RT @GOP: "The mainstream press can say all the negative things they want about the President. But the people know. They know taxes cut, reg…
RT @GOP: Support for President Trump continues to grow.

Polls show that Americans are broadly opposed to impeachment.

When Americans vote…
RT @senatemajldr: It will be telling if the House managers try to get the Senate to pre-commit ourselves to supplementing the investigation…
RT @RepLeeZeldin: #TBT #QuidProJoe TWO YEARS AGO TODAY! 
RT @GOPLeader: Schiff’s doctrine = If at first you don’t succeed, lie, lie again.
RT @GOPLeader: This sums up the last three years ↴

President Trump working overtime to defend America.

Democrats working overtime to defa…
RT @RealCandaceO: LET’S GO AMERICA🇺🇸! 
After 2 years of fighting and challenging the status quo— I finally wrote it. 
The book Democrats do…
RT @TomFitton: ENEMIES list? Targets of reported illegal monitoring by ousted Amb to Ukraine?   
@JackPosobiec
@Dona…
RT @dbongino: History: Trump to Become First President to Attend March for Life Rally  
RT @dbongino: WATCH: WH Counsel Absolutely Destroys Democrats' Impeachment Argument 
RT @dbongino: No wonder Democrats don't want to talk about the Bidens...

RT @benfergusonshow: FOR THE DEMOCRATS WHO KEEP TALKING ABOUT “ABUSE OF POWER” THIS IS WHAT IT ACTUALLY LOOKS LIKE!
RT @TomFitton: This interview with @Dbongino is your antidote to the Schiff sham impeachment show.....
RT @LouDobbs: Make sure to grab your copy of @peterschweizer’s newest book, "Profiles in Corruption: Abuse of Power by America’s Progressiv…
RT @peterschweizer: 
RT @GreggJarrett: Alleged “Whistleblower” Overheard in 2017 Planning How to Remove Trump 
RT @GreggJarrett: CNN Analyst Copies Schiff and Fabricates Conversations #FakeNews 
RT @GreggJarrett: #SchiffShow Lies About Impeachment “Evidence” Again 
RT @GreggJarrett: This entire impeachment process has been the true 'abuse of power' for political gain by the Democrats and especially Nan…
RT @GreggJarrett: New Poll Shows Dem’s Impeachment Hopes are Doomed 
“He’s got to explain this. How did Hunter Biden get a billion and a half dollars (from China) to invest when he’d been in business for 60 days?” @LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews
“21 State Attorney Generals denouncing the Impeachment of President Trump.” @FoxNews
Jeanne Mancini, President, March for Life: “We have never had a President of the United States actually come in person to the March for Life.” But now you do! See you later Jeanne. @HeatherChilders @FoxNews
Carlos will win big, very exciting. Great for Florida, great for USA! He has my complete and total Endorsement! 
True! 
That is a real fan. Thank you! 
On my way, see you soon! 
Crazy Bernie takes the lead in the Democrat Primaries, but it is looking more and more like the Dems will never allow him to win! Will Sleepy Joe be able to stumble across the finish line?
Democrats are going to destroy your Social Security. I have totally left it alone, as promised, and will save it!
A poll of Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats just came out in Florida. Nice results! 
I LOVE ALABAMA! 
Interesting poll in Texas-13! #TX13 
Close race in Kansas! 
“President Trump shows us that electability is no match for electricity” by @KellyannePolls 
“The Democrats have now conceded that President Trump has not committed a crime.” @AriFleischer
The United States looks forward to welcoming Prime Minister @Netanyahu & Blue & White Chairman @Gantzbe to the @WhiteHouse next week. Reports about details and timing of our closely-held peace plan are purely speculative.
The Democrats don’t want a Witness Trade because Shifty Schiff, the Biden’s, the fake Whistleblower(& his lawyer), the second Whistleblower (who vanished after I released the Transcripts), the so-called “informer”, & many other Democrat disasters, would be a BIG problem for them!
“This is all about undermining the next Election.” Liz Peek, @FoxNews
RT @Jim_Jordan: "Jordan: 'American people see right through' Adam Schiff's lies"

@SeanHannity @RepMarkMeadows 
Mini Mike Bloomberg is playing poker with his foolhardy and unsuspecting Democrat rivals. He says that if he loses (he really means when!) in the primaries, he will spend money helping whoever the Democrat nominee is. By doing this, he figures, they won’t hit him as hard....
....during his hopeless “presidential” campaign. They will remain silent! The fact is, when Mini losses, he will be spending very little of his money on these “clowns” because he will consider himself to be the biggest clown of them all - and he will be right!
The Democrats & Shifty Schiff, whose presentation to the Senate was loaded with lies and misrepresentations, are refusing to state that the Obama Administration withheld aid from many countries including Ukraine, Pakistan, Philippines, Egypt, Honduras, & Mexico. Witch Hunt!
No matter what you give to the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, it will never be enough!
The Democrat House would not give us lawyers, or not one witness, but now demand that the Republican Senate produce the witnesses that the House never sought, or even asked for? They had their chance, but pretended to rush. Most unfair & corrupt hearing in Congressional history!
In an Impeachment, you can’t use a work of fiction as the theory for the case, filling in gaps with presumptions against the President. It was a weak presentation, self indulgent, & he didn’t deliver the goods.” Robert Charles, @HeatherChilders @FoxNews
....OF THE 2020 ELECTION BECSUSE IT WEAPONIZES A PROCESS THAT SHOULD ONLY BE INITIATED IN EXCEEDINGLY RARE CIRCUMSTANCES, AND SHOULD NEVER BE USED FOR PARTISAN PURPOSES.” @HeatherChilders @FoxNews The Democrats are trying hard to damage Republicans prior to the Election!
Attorney Generals from 21 States are urging the Senate to reject Impeachment. They say the Articles have legal & factual problems, and the Democrats case sets a dangerous historical precedent. “EVEN AN UNSUCCESSFUL EFFORT TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT UNDERMINES THE INTEGRITY.....
“There is no evidence of a crime.” Robert Charles, Fmr Asst Secy of State. The crimes were committed by the other side!
“Schiff doesn’t have a case telling the truth, so he’s manufacturing things.” Rush Limbaugh @foxandfriends
RT @RepDougCollins: Chairman Schiff restricted Republican witnesses in the House.
 
Rules Committee Democrats claimed "plenty of witnesses…
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Today on @NBCNews, I discussed how @SpeakerPelosi sat on the articles of impeachment for 33 days. America has seen thi…
RT @RepDougCollins: Despite Democrats’ best attempts to distort the truth ahead of the 2020 election, the central facts never change. 
 
Pr…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: We all know Adam Schiff loves hearing himself talk. So, let’s give him something to talk about:

1) Why did Schiff col…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: The Obama Administration strategically withheld foreign aid:

Ukraine - $1B THREATENED TO WITHHOLD

Pakistan - $800M W…
RT @SenBillCassidy: The rules laid out by @senatemajldr for the impeachment trial follow the Clinton Model, which passed 100-0 in 1999. Why…
RT @SenTedCruz: FACT CHECK: Democrats deny Biden corruption
RT @seanhannity: *CRUZ MISSILE*
“If you have the facts, you bang the facts. If you have the law, you bang the law. If you don’t have either…
Sorry, if you come you will be immediately sent back! 
See you on Friday...Big Crowd! 
RT @GOP: Despite Democrats’ best efforts, President @realDonaldTrump is more popular than ever! 
RT @GOP: Just how weak is the Democrats’ impeachment case against President Trump?
 
Adam Schiff is relitigating RUSSIA and MUELLER.

RT @rww_gop: Americans see through the Democrats’ impeachment sham & it is driving voters to support @realDonaldTrump & Republicans like ne…
RT @GOP: “Not only are the articles of impeachment deficient in their essence, but the process used by House Democrats screams of their own…
RT @GOP: .@realDonaldTrump is putting #AmericaFirst when it comes to trade 🙌 
True! 
RT @RandPaul: I heard @realDonaldTrump would like to attend the impeachment trial. Mr. President, would love to have you as my guest during…
RT @tedcruz: Announcing #Verdict: a podcast where @michaeljknowles and I discuss the latest from the @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachmentTrial and…
RT @tedcruz: A reminder of what this is all about: any president -- any administration -- is justified in investigating corruption. 

And t…
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @Jim_Jordan: House Dems couldn’t be bothered to wait for the Courts to decide on witnesses. They said impeachment was urgent!

Now in th…
RT @Jim_Jordan: .@RepAdamSchiff spent his opening arguments trying to relitigate the fake “Russia collusion” narrative.

Never forget that…
“NO PRESSURE”
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: .@realDonaldTrump makes a very solid point here. Hillary talking about other people’s like-ability is peak 2020. 
RT @Mike_Pence: America’s farmers, ranchers and manufacturers are WINNING under President @realDonaldTrump!
RT @WhiteHouse: Next stop for USMCA: the desk of President @realDonaldTrump! ✍️  
RT @TeamTrump: Brad @Parscale with @kilmeade today: There is no Democrat that can compete with @realDonaldTrump and this economy 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and the President of Iraq met to discuss cooperation on military, defeating ISIS, and more. #wef…
RT @GOPChairwoman: While Democrats waste more time on their latest witch hunt, @realDonaldTrump never stops fighting for America! 
RT @LaraLeaTrump: IOWA! Join me and thousands of your neighbors on Monday, February 3rd at 7 PM to caucus for @realDonaldTrump. 
 
Go to ht…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on Crazy Bernie Sanders surging in the polls 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: Ukraine got their money and they got it early

#ReadTheTranscript 
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on the never-ending Democrat Witch Hunts 
RT @WhiteHouse: At #wef20, President @realDonaldTrump discusses bringing the @FIFAWorldCup to the United States! ⚽ 
Will be Great! 
Great working with you Maria! 
RT @RichLowry: I don’t get how people who didn’t balk at Obama’s refusal to give Ukraine lethal aid can as *as a policy mattter* object to…
RT @RandPaul: The more we hear from Adam Schiff, the more the GOP is getting unified against this partisan charade!
One of the many great things about our just signed giant Trade Deal with China is that it will bring both the USA & China closer together in so many other ways. Terrific working with President Xi, a man who truly loves his country. Much more to come!
Heading back to Washington from @Davos , Switzerland. Very successful (for USA) trip!
“Not the Senate’s job to mop up the mess made in the House by the Democrats. Biden admitted that he went to Ukraine and did the Quid Pro Quo.” @SteveScalise  @FoxNews
THANK YOU @WEF! 
RT @RepRickAllen: Today the Senate began impeachment trial proceedings. Just a reminder that House Democrats completely failed to produce a…
RT @WarrenDavidson: Honored to join @Varneyco this morning to talk about @realDonaldTrump's visit to #Davos and the thriving #US #economy.…
RT @RepRonWright: As the Senate Trial begins today, let's look back on the Dems' "solemn" and "somber" House impeachment. 

Imagine if Dems…
RT @RepRonWright: Another month @POTUS has delivered for Americans.

✅145K new jobs in December
✅Unemployment is at a 50 year low
✅2.1 MILL…
RT @HouseGOP: As House Democrats kick off another day of their impeachment sham, here’s a reminder that after two weeks of public testimony…
RT @GOP: While President @realDonaldTrump is delivering on his Promises MADE, House Democrats are continuing to push their politically moti…
RT @GOP: “In less than 2 weeks the American people are going to head to the polls in IA to determine the outcome for the 2020 election & th…
RT @GOP: Democrats’ partisan games aren’t working!
 
RT if you AGREE— voters will remember Democrats’ record of obstruction in November and…
RT @marklevinshow: Schumer’s awful Senate speech should have the effect of uniting the Republican senators against his demands.  He’s a dis…
RT @marklevinshow: Discredited John Harwood joins discredited CNN

RT @LevinTV: The Dems Have No Case

It is clear to any person that this impeachment is a purely political sham

Tonight we've got another F…
RT @marklevinshow: I believe Adam Schiff would face Bar disciplinary actions if his endless lies and deceits occurred in private practice.…
RT @marklevinshow: Peter Schweizer’s great new book is out now - Profiles in Corruption: Abuse of Power by America's Progressive Elite
http…
RT @marklevinshow: AOC is such an embarrassing, barely literate moron. 
RT @LevinTV: Transparency?

Like a magician, the Democrats are only allowing the "evidence" that helps them to appear before the public 

T…
RT @marklevinshow: More on my opening 

RT @marklevinshow: Adam Schiff lies again. What will the Senate do about it?

RT @marklevinshow: Will the House farce now turn into the Senate farce?  This is a disgraceful spectacle. 

They are taking the nomination away from Bernie for a second time. Rigged!
Steyer is a major loser. Just doesn’t get it. This is second time with Bernie! 
RT @replouiegohmert: "Look at the charges -- abuse of power, obstruction of Congress. Those are the two charges that those pushing impeachm…
RT @Varneyco: STU: "Prosperity has returned, our freedoms are still with us, and you, our viewers, have stayed with us. Thank you everyone.…
RT @Varneyco: STU: "This trial is entirely political. I hope there are consequences to this #impeachment charade, and those consequences wi…
RT @LouDobbs: Republicans United: @EdRollins @David_Bossie praise the Senate GOP for voting down Schumer’s amendments 53-47. #AmericaFirst…
RT @dbongino: Absolutely NO ONE lies and promotes conspiracy theories as well as Adam Schiff. He’s the best at it. He has no equal! 
#AdamS…
RT @TPPatriots: You’re *right* @dbongino! 

Adam Schiff is making things (that were already not so good) even WORSE for the Democrats!

Oh…
RT @dbongino: THANK YOU for making us one of the most listened to conservative podcasts in the country. We had our best week ever last week…
RT @JennaEllisEsq: The Democrats are trying to overthrow the country and our rule of law.
RT @JennaEllisEsq: After today, ESPECIALLY after today, I am so proud to support @realDonaldTrump and truth, fact, justice, our Constitutio…
Big story. Hope Fake News covers it! 
RT @dbongino: Does it strike anyone else as odd that the Democrats have spent the entire day admitting that they impeached the President, &…
RT @JennaEllisEsq: 100% and also terrifying.
RT @tedcruz: I agree with @SenSchumer...
RT @tedcruz: If you have the facts, you bang the facts.
If you have the law, you bang the law.
If you don't have either, you bang the table…
RT @thehill: Sen. @TedCruz: "It is clear House Democrats view this as an opportunity to continue their partisan attacks on the President in…
RT @senatemajldr: Yesterday, the Speaker celebrated impeachment with souvenir pens, bearing her own golden signature, brought in on silver…
RT @senatemajldr: ‘This body, this chamber, exists precisely so that we can look past daily dramas and understand how our actions will reve…
Their case was so “overwhelming” in the House that they need & demand Witnesses in the Senate! 
RT @senatemajldr: The way the Senate decides to handle mid-trial questions such as witnesses could have institutional consequences that go…
RT @senatemajldr: There were good reasons why all 100 senators agreed two decades ago that the Senate should not cross these bridges before…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: The Kupperman case is devastating.  

I don’t buy Manager Schiff’s argument that when it comes to impeachment, the cou…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Quite frankly, having Adam Schiff lecture the Senate about fairness and due process is like listening to an arsonist t…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Stunning admission by the House Managers.

The House Managers on the floor admitted that going to federal court would…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Unbelievably, they are asking the Senate to take the same position.

Very honest statement by Congresswoman Demings.…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: What I’ve learned today: 

▶️ It is bad for the country to have impeachment driven by partisan politicians who want a…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: ▶️ If there was ever a need for an independent judiciary, it was in the House impeachment process.  

▶️ Unfortunately…
ENJOY! 
Will be interviewed at 5:00 A.M. Eastern by @JoeSquawk on @CNBC at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy!
Making great progress in @Davos. Tremendous numbers of companies will be coming, or returning, to the USA. Hottest Economy! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
RT @NRSC: GO OFF QUEEN! You mess with @MarthaMcSally, you mess with all of us. Help Martha fight back against the fake news, sexist, libera…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Proven liar Adam Schiff is correct – this is an impeachment*.
 
A partisan attempt to remove a duly elected president…
RT @HawleyMO: So far in #impeachment this much is clear: 1. Dems not ready to try their case. Totally unprepared. 2. This is STILL all abou…
RT @HawleyMO: It is amazing to watch Adam Schiff practically shove his co-managers aside to get to the microphone. His plan seems to be to…
RT @SenateGOP: House Democrats’ process was a cover-up.

Ours will be transparent.

Their process was blindly partisan.

Ours will be impar…
RT @SenRickScott: The @SenateDems are arguing about process because the case brought by House Dems is weak & lacking substance. 

There wil…
RT @NRSC: 🚨UPDATE: The Senate passed the USMCA trade agreement! Huge win for American jobs! 
RT @MarthaMcSally: NEW SHIRT!! 🚨 

I’m in the Senate to fight for all Arizonans, not play politics and games with the liberal hacks of the…
RT @NRSC: This has really come full circle for @Hickenlooper... First, it was accepting private jet rides and luxury hotel stays that got h…
RT @NRSC: .@Hickenlooper may have been misusing CO funds long before he started paying his legal bills from a 9/11 recovery fund - Colorada…
RT @NRSC: "Good news doesn’t always make the evening broadcasts or the front page, but 2019 was incredibly successful for the people of Col…
RT @NRSC: This isn’t the first time @Hickenlooper potentially took money that wasn’t his to use, and he’s betraying Coloradans by using the…
RT @NRSC: "Senate Republicans’ campaign committee raised a record sum of money in 2019"

Yeah we did. $70 million 💰💰💰 (cc: @DSCC) #HoldTheL…
RT @NRSC: "Senator Collins is doing an incredible job looking out for the interests of Maine’s workers and industries." 

@SenatorCollins a…
RT @NRSC: We have the receipts @Hickenlooper. Care to comment? #COSen #copolitics 
RT @NRSC: Last week on #PrimaryWatch, we took a closer look at North Carolina - where @EricaforUSSen20 is giving @chuckschumer's guy @Calfo…
RT @ScottforFlorida: The Democrats are trying to overturn @realDonaldTrump’s historic 2016 election win. They just hate Trump. That’s all t…
RT @cindyhydesmith: Hold. The. Line.
RT @NRSC: Angry Dems have been working to impeach @realDonaldTrump since November 8, 2016. @SpeakerPelosi and House Dems caved to their far…
Wow! 
RT @marc_lotter: Listening to Democrats whine about fairness is comical. Democrats/Schiff:
🤡 started impeachment w/o vote
🤡 made-up @realDo…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Now Schiff is talking about Republicans misleading the Senate🤣.

After spending 3 years as the leader of the Russia col…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: But Adam Schiff who ran that process now wants to talk about fairness? If it wasn’t for double standards the Democrats…
RT @IvankaTrump: Today, Honda signed the White House’s #PledgetoAmericasWorkers alongside @Jim_Jordan in Marysville, Ohio, committing to tr…
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: "If I showed up in any court in this country, and I said: ‘Judge, my case is overwhelming, but I’m not ready to go yet.…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: He was very experienced🙄😉

Firm Employing Biden’s Brother Got More than $1.5 Billion in Contracts 
RT @MariaBartiromo: .@realDonaldTrump No better place on Earth to invest than US 
RT @MariaBartiromo: .@realDonaldTrump : US has among cleanest air, drinking water on Earth 
RT @Scavino45: A great day for the United States of America at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland!

“AMERICA is thriving. AMERI…
RT @WhiteHouse: Gianni Infantino, President of FIFA, introduces President @realDonaldTrump at a dinner with global CEOs! #wef20 
RT @TeamTrump: White House Counsel Pat Cipollone: We believe that once you hear the initial presentations, the only conclusion will be that…
RT @TeamTrump: .@JaySekulow: Schiff's trifecta violates the Constitution

President @realDonaldTrump was denied the right to:

1⃣Cross exam…
RT @WhiteHouse: At #wef20, President @realDonaldTrump discusses bringing the @FIFAWorldCup to the United States! ⚽ 
RT @seanhannity: @realDonaldTrump 'We Will Never Let Socialists Destroy Our Economy or Wreck Our Country' 
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump repeatedly warned against incompetent & corrupt politicians in Puerto Rico managing disaster aid.
 
Th…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Strange that all the hysterical media outlets have not yet issued @realDonaldTrump an apology. 

I won’t hold my breath.
RT @WhiteHouse: Americans are sick of the Swamp. They want results, not partisan theater.

No matter what manufactured drama is unfolding i…
RT @MZHemingway: Republican Senators taking advantage of Pelosi/media impeachment with a highly produced video touting their Constitutional…
RT @SteveScalise: Looks like Dems got all the way to the Senate before realizing their phony case doesn't hold up when they can't rig the r…
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: What's dangerous for the future of this nation is officials like Adam Schiff in control, who will falsely recite a conv…
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Democrats, the impeachment prosecutors, basically spent the entire day complaining about info they want but don’t have.…
RT @GOP: Today, Adam Schiff once again tried to mislead the American people about this impeachment sham.
 
Schiff urged the Senate to hold…
RT @GOP: “[Schiff] went to the House and he manufactured a fraudulent version of that call… He read it to the American people and he didn’t…
RT @RepTedBudd: Today the baseless impeachment case heads to a Senate trial.

"We trust the Senate will do what the House did not—conduct i…
RT @GOPLeader: Speaker Pelosi's impeachment managers:
◦ Chairman Schiff—who has repeatedly lied & tried to hide the facts
◦ Chairman Nadler…
RT @SenateGOP: "This is the first time in history where a president has been impeached for a non-crime, for events that never occurred."

-…
RT @GiannoCaldwell: I hope Republicans are paying close attention to this impeachment trial because it has proven that Democrats will use a…
RT @RepDLesko: Democrats rushed to impeach President @realDonaldTrump, ignoring due process along the way. 

Then, they sat on the articles…
RT @KatiePavlich: Schiff is claiming the Senate must call "important witnesses" instead of "kicking the can down the road" on calling witne…
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
RT @wef: US President @realDonaldTrump spoke at #wef20, telling the audience the United States is in the midst of an economic boom.

Find o…
Congratulations on your big @UFC WIN! 
THE BEST IS YET TO COME! 
“It’s about the Economy, stupid”, except when it comes to Trump. The fact is, the Fake News Media hates talking about the Economy, and how incredible it is!
Everyone said it couldn’t be done. But for the first time in a generation, there will be direct flights between Serbia and Kosovo. Another win. Thanks to @WHNSC Ambassador Robert O’Brien and Ambassador @RichardGrenell! 
Representative Randy Weber (@TxRandy14) of Texas has been a HUGE supporter of our #MAGA Agenda from the very beginning. Strong on Crime, the Border, Illegal Immigration, the 2nd Amendment, and our great Military & Vets! Randy has my Full Endorsement!
Representative John Carter (@JudgeJohnCarter) from the Great State of Texas has been a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on Crime and Borders, great for our Military and our Vets, and Strong on our #2A. John has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Texas Rep Roger Williams (@RepRWilliams) has done an incredible job representing the Great State of Texas. Roger is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border & Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military & our Vets and protects our #2A. Roger has my Total & Complete Endorsement!
Heading to Davos, Switzerland, to meet with World and Business Leaders and bring Good Policy and additional Hundreds of Billions of Dollars back to the United States of America! We are now NUMBER ONE in the Universe, by FAR!!
Excellent! 
Nancy can’t fix it. The Do Nothing Dems have done great harm to our Country! 
I will NEVER allow our great Second Amendment to go unprotected, not even a little bit!
It was exactly three years ago today, January 20, 2017,  that I was sworn into office. So appropriate that today is also MLK jr DAY. African-American Unemployment is the LOWEST in the history of our Country, by far. Also, best Poverty, Youth, and Employment numbers, ever. Great!
...And they say you can add 7% to 10% to all Trump numbers! Who knows? 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, A Record. Thank You!
Two stone cold losers from Amazon WP. Almost every story is a made up lie, just like corrupt pol Shifty Schiff, who fraudulently made up my call with Ukraine. Fiction! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: If you listened to the flawed advice of @paulkrugman at the @nytimes, a newspaper that was going broke until I came al…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Nancy Pelosi said, it’s not a question of proof, it’s a question of allegations! Oh really?”  @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I have never seen the Republican Party as Strong and as Unified as it is right now. Thank you!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Now Mini Mike Bloomberg is critical of Jack Wilson, who saved perhaps hundreds of people in a Church because he was ca…
RT @bfraser747: 🇺🇲🇺🇲 I don't know if it's just me BUT this entire #Impeachment #BullSchiffHoax has me never feeling more proud of President…
USA! USA! USA!
RT @WhiteHouse: "Today, we pause to honor the incredible life and accomplishments of Dr. King, who helped shape the Civil Rights Movement,…
RT @bennyjohnson: 2A Protesters in Virginia singing the Star Spangled Banner.

 
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is now asking for “fairness”, when he and the Democrat House members worked together to make sure I got ZERO fairness in the House. So, what else is new?
They didn’t want John Bolton and others in the House. They were in too much of a rush. Now they want them all in the Senate. Not supposed to be that way!
The Democrat Party in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia are working hard to take away your 2nd Amendment rights. This is just the beginning. Don’t let it happen, VOTE REPUBLICAN in 2020!
RT @OliverMcGee: Retweet @POTUS’ PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT on TRADE!

As @SpeakerPelosi spent $5K on Gold Pens to sign an Impeachment Ho…
RT @OliverMcGee: CAUGHT-ON-TAPE: Dems on @BillClinton's Impeachment! Retweet!

This Impeachment Hoax of @POTUS is an UNCONSTITUTIONAL UNDOI…
A great show! Check it out tonight at 9pm. @FoxNews 
“In the House, the President got less due process than the 9-11 terrorists got. This is a corrupt process?” Mark Levin @marklevinshow “Very much so!” @RepDougCollins @FoxNews
I was thrilled to be back in the Great State of Texas tonight, where the people are known for being tough, strong, hardworking, loyal and fiercely patriotic — just like America’s incredible Farmers! #AFBF2020 
Now Mini Mike Bloomberg is critical of Jack Wilson, who saved perhaps hundreds of people in a Church because he was carrying a gun, and knew how to use it. Jack quickly killed the shooter, who was beginning a rampage. Mini is against the 2nd A. His ads are Fake, just like him!
I have never seen the Republican Party as Strong and as Unified as it is right now. Thank you!
I will be going to Austin, Texas. Leaving soon. Always like (love!) being in the Lone Star State. Speaking to our great Farmers. They hit “paydirt” with our incredible new Trade Deals: CHINA, JAPAN, MEXICO, CANADA, SOUTH KOREA, and many others!
“Nancy Pelosi said, it’s not a question of proof, it’s a question of allegations! Oh really?”  @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews  What a disgrace this Impeachment Scam is for our great Country!
If you listened to the flawed advice of @paulkrugman at the @nytimes, a newspaper that was going broke until I came along, you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market (and other) numbers produced since Election Day, 2016. Sorry, those are the FACTS.....
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
If you listened to the flawed advice of @paulkrugman at the @nytimes, a newspaper that was going broke until I came along, you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market (and other) numbers produced since Election Day, 2016. Sorry, those are the FACTS....
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
If you listened to the flawed advice of @paulkrugman at the @nytimes, a newspaper that was going broke until I came along, you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market (and other) numbers produced since Election Day, 2016. Sorry, those are the FACTS....
A massive 200 Billion Dollar Sea Wall, built around New York to protect it from rare storms, is a costly, foolish & environmentally unfriendly idea that, when needed, probably won’t work anyway. It will also look terrible. Sorry, you’ll just have to get your mops & buckets ready!
Another Fake Book by two third rate Washington Post reporters, has already proven to be inaccurately reported, to their great embarrassment, all for the purpose of demeaning and belittling a President who is getting great things done for our Country, at a record clip. Thank you!
They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from Crazy Bernie, just like last time. Some things never change!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, A Record. Thank You!
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU! #MAGA 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tremendous surge in new housing construction in December, 16.9%, biggest in many years!
RT @CHC_1927: Happy Birthday to one of the greatest leading men of Hollywood's golden age Cary Grant!  (1904 –1986) 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Your 2nd Amendment is under very serious attack in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia. That’s what happens when you vo…
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Trade Deals Drive Stocks To Record Highs.” @FoxNews
RT @seanhannity: Think about it. Since @realDonaldTrump was elected, what have Democrats, what have the media ever done to improve the live…
RT @TeamTrump: Thank you to all the GREAT women who came out to support President @realDonaldTrump in Iowa!

Best moments from the trip bel…
RT @mercedesschlapp: Honored to join @LaraLeaTrump @kayleighmcenany @ashleyhayek on the #WomenForTrump bus tour. Meeting amazing Iowan wome…
“Trade Deals Drive Stocks To Record Highs.” @FoxNews
“Day after day, really good news on the economy. By the way, this didn’t just happen by accident, it’s the result of a lot of the policies that Donald Trump has put into place. Obviously, the Tax Cut, and now we have these two BIG trade deals.” @StephenMoore  Great future growth!
Tremendous surge in new housing construction in December, 16.9%, biggest in many years!
A great day at the White House for our National Champions, the LSU Tigers! 
RT @ashleyhayek: First stop in the Hawkeye State! Women for Trump are excited to show support for @realDonaldTrump - a great panel with @La…
CONGRATULATIONS! #GeauxTigers 
مردم نجیب ایران، که آمریکا را دوست می دارند، سزاوار دولتی هستند که بیش از تمرکز بر کشتن آنها به جرم احترام خواهی، به آنها کمک کند تا به رؤیاهایشان دست یابند. رهبران ایران به جای آن که ایران را به سمت ویرانی بکشانند، باید هراس افکنی را کنار بنهند و ایران را دوباره باعظمت کنند! 
The noble people of Iran—who love America—deserve a government that's more interested in helping them achieve their dreams than killing them for demanding respect. Instead of leading Iran toward ruin, its leaders should abandon terror and Make Iran Great Again! 
Your 2nd Amendment is under very serious attack in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia. That’s what happens when you vote for Democrats, they will take your guns away. Republicans will win Virginia in 2020. Thank you Dems!
The so-called “Supreme Leader” of Iran, who has not been so Supreme lately, had some nasty things to say about the United States and Europe. Their economy is crashing, and their people are suffering. He should be very careful with his words!
Words of wisdom. Thank you Ted! 
Heading to Florida for big Republican Party event. New Stock Market Record. Jobs in USA at all-time high!
RT @LSUfootball: The National Champions 
RT @WhiteHouse: "This LSU team will long be remembered as one of the greatest in college football history." 
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump caps off an incredible week by welcoming the Louisiana State University Tigers! 🏈 
....Joe Biden, and Bernie is shut out again. Very unfair, but that’s the way the Democrats play the game. Anyway, it’s a lot of fun to watch!
They are rigging the election again against Bernie Sanders, just like last time, only even more obviously. They are bringing him out of so important Iowa in order that, as a Senator, he sit through the Impeachment Hoax Trial. Crazy Nancy thereby gives the strong edge to Sleepy...
Getting ready to meet the LSU Tigers, the National Champions. Great Coach, great Team, great School. Very exciting!
Mini Mike Bloomberg ads are purposely wrong - A vanity project for him to get into the game. Nobody in many years has done for the USA what I have done for the USA, including the greatest economy in history, rebuilding our military, biggest ever tax & regulation cuts, & 2nd A!
RT @ScottFordTVGuy: The love and energy at a Trump Rally. What a special memory in my life to experience my first-ever rally for @realDonal…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you Cincinnati, Ohio. Together, we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
RT @madisongesiotto: Check out these exciting moments from @CNN , @FoxNews and @MSNBC ! Full video available here --&gt; 
Mini Mike Bloomberg doesn’t get on the Democrat Debate Stage because he doesn’t want to - he is a terrible debater and speaker. If he did, he would go down in the polls even more (if that is possible!).
“There is no crime here. Entertaining this Impeachment is a joke. This whole thing should be dismissed.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
“Years from now, when we look back at this day, nobody’s going to remember Nancy’s cheap theatrics, they will remember though how President Trump brought the Chinese to the bargaining table and delivered achievements few ever thought were possible.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
....for the foreign policies of the President.” @AlanDersh Alan Dershowitz @seanhannity @FoxNews  They do what the House asks. The Swamp!
“The GOA got it exactly backwards. Here’s what they said. The law does not permit the President to substitute his own policy priorities to those Congress has enacted into law. It’s exactly the opposite. The Constitution does not allow Congress to substitute its own priorities....
RT @WhiteHouse: In 2016, candidate @realDonaldTrump made a promise familiar to voters across America: He would do away with the job-killing…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Bernie Sanders turned his back on America’s workers by voting against the USMCA trade deal.
 
Reminder: @realDonaldTrump…
RT @Mike_Pence: Under President @realDonaldTrump’s leadership, the Hispanic unemployment rate hit a record LOW! 
RT @GOPChairwoman: What a historic week for @realDonaldTrump!
 
USMCA passage means 176,000 new jobs and an additional $68 billion in the U…
RT @seanhannity: @realDonaldTrump was right on nuclear deal  👇👇
RT @GOPChairwoman: The #WomenForTrump bus tour with @LaraLeaTrump, @mercedesschlapp, and @kayleighmcenany has begun! 
 
I love seeing all t…
RT @NBCPolitics: BREAKING: US Senate joins House in passing the new USMCA trade deal, a key initiative for President Trump that replaces th…
RT @adamgoldmanNYT: Law enforcement officials are scrutinizing at least two news articles about the F.B.I. and Mr. Comey, published in The…
RT @MZHemingway: Very friendly telling of events here about Comey's apparent leaking to compliant media. If you read those articles and tho…
RT @CBS_Herridge: READ: Letter to surveillance court obtained by CBS News questions where there will be further disciplinary action and cho…
RT @Jim_Jordan: Ukrainian leaders have repeatedly rejected that there was any kind of pushing or pressure.

But the mainstream press would…
RT @SenTedCruz: TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE: This is the beginning of the end of the abuse of the Constitution. The Senate will provide a fair t…
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! #KeepAmericaGreat2020🇺🇸 
See you tomorrow! #CHAMPS 
RT @senatemajldr: BREAKING: The Senate just passed the USMCA. Next stop: @POTUS’s desk for his signature.

I’m grateful to the President fo…
RT @GOPLeader: 🚨 BREAKING 🚨 The Senate just passed #USMCA in a landslide vote. Next stop → President Trump's desk.

✅ PROMISES MADE.
✅ PROM…
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump announced historic steps to protect the Constitutional right to pray in public schools! 
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
I JUST GOT IMPEACHED FOR MAKING A PERFECT PHONE CALL!
Amazon Calls 'Profiles in Corruption' the 'Most Anticipated' Nonfiction Book 
This is a total disgrace, but just another reason that I’m going to win Michigan again! 
Looking at this strongly! 
RT @SenAlexander: I’m about to chair the Senate HELP Committee’s executive session to vote on #USMCA. 

Updating #NAFTA makes sense, and th…
RT @SenAlexander: The reason this committee is voting on the #USMCA is because it includes a section covering labor provisions. Among these…
RT @SenAlexander: This agreement has overwhelming bipartisan support. 

#USMCA will continue to raise family incomes and create even more g…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Using the powers of the surveillance state to spy on a political opponent’s campaign is what you’d expect from Russia,…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Tennesseans care about serious issues: trade relations, border security, and lasting tax relief.
 
Democrats care abou…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: How can we trust anything in the House Democrats’ impeachment* report?
 
Their lead investigator, Adam Schiff, fabrica…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: This is a solid win for our farmers and manufactures – China will be purchasing $200 billion in American goods and ser…
RT @MarshaBlackburn: .@SenSanders, @SenWarren, @SenAmyKlobuchar, and @SenatorBennet are spending millions of dollars to defeat @realDonaldT…
The farmers are really happy with the new China Trade Deal and the soon to be signed deal with Mexico and Canada, but I hope the thing they will most remember is the fact that I was able to take massive incoming Tariff money and use it to help them get through the tough times!
“There is no crime here. I just think this whole thing should be rejected out of hand. I wouldn’t waste a minute of taxpayer dollars or time on this. Entertaining this Impeachment is a joke.” Laura Ingraham @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is saying privately that the new China Trade Deal is  unbelievable, which it is, but publicly he knocks it whenever possible. That’s politics, but so bad for our great Country!
One of the greatest trade deals ever made! Also good for China and our long term relationship. 250 Billion Dollars will be coming back to our Country, and we are now in a great position for a Phase Two start. There has never been anything like this in U.S. history! USMCA NEXT!
RT @SenateGOP: ✓ SIGNED

@realdonaldtrump just signed the Phase One Trade Agreement with China. 

This is the SECOND historic trade deal Re…
RT @Scavino45: “@realDonaldTrump Signs Phase One Trade Deal with China” 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS Signs the Phase One Trade Agreement! 
Here we go again, another Con Job by the Do Nothing Democrats. All of this work was supposed to be done by the House, not the Senate!
RT @realDonaldTrump: We are helping Apple all of the time on TRADE and so many other issues, and yet they refuse to unlock phones used by k…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Cryin’ Chuck Schumer just said, “The American people want a fair trial in the Senate.” True, but why didn’t Nervous Na…
RT @DailyCaller: Van Jones:

“There was nothing I saw tonight that would be able to take Donald Trump out.”

I agree with him on this, 100%. But why would anyone vote Democrat? We are setting all time records with the economy! 
RT @michaeljknowles: If the election were held in the 24 hours after this #DemocraticDebate, Trump would win every single state, including…
RT @Liz_Wheeler: Your daily reminder that Democrats want to:

- Open borders
- Abolish private health insurance
- Ban your AR-15s
- Give il…
RT @TrumpWarRoom: President Trump’s Administration is delivering a cleaner environment for American families.

✅Emissions of all key air po…
RT @MAGAindex: Where was Biden in “fixing” all the trade deals under 8 yrs of Obama? 

Now he claims he can fix every problem in the countr…
RT @GOPChairwoman: If 2020 Democrats actually cared about hardworking Americans, they would not be touting a socialist agenda that threaten…
RT @kilmeade: .@jockowillink says President @realDonaldTrump's gamble ordering the strike that killed Soleimani was a brilliant move that k…
RT @greggutfeld: if you were a space alien, bouncing between the debate and the trump rally, you'd think these are two different species --…
RT @SebGorka: Support him at: 


Now up to 187 Federal Judges, and two great new Supreme Court Justices. We are in major record territory. Hope EVERYONE is happy! 
RT @senatemajldr: We’ve reached a simple contradiction. The House case cannot be so robust that it was enough to rush into impeachment, and…
RT @senatemajldr: First, Democrats spent weeks saying the House case was totally convincing. Now, the opposite: They say the House case is…
RT @senatemajldr: It’s clear Democrats see impeachment as one big political game. Sen. Schumer told reporters that as long as the process h…
RT @StumpforTrump: .@LindseyGrahamSC: “I’m really over with this. This whole thing is a joke. Nothing happened here. We’re not going to imp…
RT @DevinNunes: Full blown McCarthyism on display... Did the Russians decide not to play in the 2018 elections so that Pelosi could become…
RT @heytana: "Look! Up in the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! 🦅✈️🇺🇸 no it’s a massive .@realDonaldTrump banner at the #DemocraticDebate #KA…
RT @marc_lotter: Hey Comrade Sanders, the Iran Deal gave the green light to Iran for a nuclear bomb in a few years - and BILLIONS to fund t…
RT @JessieJaneDuff: President Trump's amazing record for #Veterans:

Historical $86.5 Bil for VA✅
Lowest vet unemployment✅
Federal college…
RT @DanScavino: 🚨HAPPENING NOW🚨
President Trump hosting a MASSIVE rally in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with Great American Patriots, all with the…
Steyer is running low on cash. Nobody knows him. Made his money on coal. So funny! 
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, @BorisJohnson, stated, “We should replace the Iran deal with the Trump deal.” I agree!
RT @SenTedCruz: ICYMI on @AmericaNewsroom w @BillHemmer: The Senate will provide a fair #ImpeachmentTrial by respecting due process & allow…
RT @SenTedCruz: The recent jobs report is proof that under @realDonaldTrump & Republicans’ leadership the American people are seeing real r…
RT @SenTedCruz: THEN
Dems on Clinton impeachment: innocent until proven guilty! 
 
NOW
Dems on Trump impeachment: guilty until proven innoc…
RT @HeatherChilders: Are the #DemocraticDebate & #TrumpRallyMilwaukee discussing the same country?
RT @JesseMeester: The debate showed one thing obvious: The Democrats only hope to beat @realDonaldTrump is to impeach him.

A chasm is grow…
Former National Security Adviser for President Obama said “President Trump was absolutely correct” in taking out terroristist leader Soleimani. Thank you General Jones!
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, & from every race, religion, color & creed. We are a movement for ALL AMERICANS who believe in fairness & justice, equality & dignity, opportunity & safety. We are a big tent, & a big party, w/ BIG IDEAS for the future! 
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! #TrumpMilwaukeeRally 
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! 
Thank you Milwaukee, Wisconsin! #KAG2020 #MAGA 
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer just said, “The American people want a fair trial in the Senate.” True, but why didn’t Nervous Nancy and Corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff give us a fair trial in the House. It was the most lopsided & unfair basement hearing in the history of Congress!
We are helping Apple all of the time on TRADE and so many other issues, and yet they refuse to unlock phones used by killers, drug dealers  and other violent criminal elements. They will have to step up to the plate and help our great Country, NOW! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
On my way to Milwaukee, Wisconsin for a #TrumpRally. Look forward to see you all soon! 
RT @SenateGOP: .@SpeakerPelosi’s “urgent” impeachment will come to the Senate tomorrow. 
 
Now…it’s our turn. 
RT @BarrettSallee: Donald Trump is announced as cheers erupt in the Superdome at the CFP National Championship Game 
Thank you! 
Thank you to Rick Scott. This Impeachment Hoax is an outrage! 
I stand stronger than anyone in protecting your Healthcare with Pre-Existing Conditions. I am honored to have terminated the very unfair, costly and unpopular individual mandate for you!
RT @KerriKupecDOJ: Attorney General Barr on Soleimani: "Frankly, I don't think it was a close call. The President clearly had the authority…
RT @GOPLeader: I'm introducing a resolution in support of the protestors in Iran. The world is watching, and the people of Iran need to kno…
“We demand fairness” shouts Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats, yet the Dems in the House wouldn’t let us have 1 witness, no lawyers or even ask questions. It was the most unfair witch-hunt in the history of Congress!
Really Big Breaking News (Kidding): Booker, who was in zero polling territory, just dropped out of the Democrat Presidential Primary Race. Now I can rest easy tonight. I was sooo concerned that I would someday have to go head to head with him!
The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was “imminent” or not, & was my team in agreement. The answer to both is a strong YES., but it doesn’t really matter because of his horrible past!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Many believe that by the Senate giving credence to a trial based on the no evidence, no crime, read the transcripts, “…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. 53% Approval Rating overall (can we add 7 to 10 percent because…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did NOTHING wrong? Read the Transcripts! A tota…
Wow! The wonderful Iranian protesters refused to step on, or in any way denigrate, our Great American Flag. It was put on the street in order for them to trample it, and they walked around it instead. Big progress!
The Democrats and the Fake News are trying to make terrorist Soleimani into a wonderful guy, only because I did what should have been done for 20 years. Anything I do, whether it’s the economy, military, or anything else, will be scorned by the Rafical Left, Do Nothing Democrats!
The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was “eminent” or not, & was my team in agreement. The answer to both is a strong YES., but it doesn’t really matter because of his horrible past!
Bernie Sander’s volunteers are trashing Elizabeth “Pocahontus” Warren. Everybody knows her campaign is dead and want her potential voters. Mini Mike B is also trying, but getting tiny crowds which are all leaving fast. Elizabeth is very angry at Bernie. Do I see a feud brewing?
RT @D0wn_Under: The corrupted Dems trying their best to come to the Ayatollah's rescue.
#NancyPelosiFakeNews 
RT @NarimanGharib: Iranian people are angry about what Nancy Pelosi said recently in the interview with @ABC so WE've launched a hashtag ag…
RT @AthenaxWisdom: Nancy Pelosi just showed she supports a regime that kills its people. This is disgusting! #NancyPelosiFakeNews
RT @BiggZie_VT: People just now realizing how crazy and destructive Nancy is to America, better yet the world. I pity those that still supp…
RT @Scarecr0_w: Question: Who in America supports this mullahs' crime?
 Answer : Nancy Pelosi

#NancyPelosiFakeNews
#IranProtests2020 
#Ira…
RT @Saiedey: Just for a second assume there is no Dem nor Rep party. Look at the reality. Iranians want mullas gone. They’ve been massacred…
RT @FaridMedia: While the Iranian people are being killed by the mullahs in the protests, you are lying to the American people! The real pe…
RT @mohmd_mozafari: 🔴The Iranian people are being killed in the streets by the Islamic Republic, but Nancy Pelosi in the USA supports those…
....and, if Republicans win in court and take back the House of Represenatives, your healthcare, that I have now brought to the best place in many years, will become the best ever, by far. I will always protect your Pre-Existing Conditions, the Dems will not!
Mini Mike Bloomberg is spending a lot of money on False Advertising. I was the person who saved Pre-Existing Conditions in your Healthcare, you have it now, while at the same time winning the fight to rid you of the expensive, unfair and very unpopular Individual  Mandate.....
RT @realDonaldTrump: To the leaders of Iran - DO NOT KILL YOUR PROTESTERS. Thousands have already been killed or imprisoned by you, and the…
مشاور امنیت ملی امروز عنوان کرد كه تحریم ها و اعتراضات، ایران را«به شدت تحت فشار»قرار داده است و آنها را مجبور به مذاكره می كند.در واقع، اصلا برایم اهمیتی نداردکه آیا آنها مذاکره می کنند یا نه.این کاملاً به عهده ی خودشان است، اما سلاح هسته ای نداشته باشیدو«معترضان خود را نکشید.» 
National Security Adviser suggested today that sanctions & protests have Iran “choked off”, will force them to negotiate. Actually, I couldn’t care less if they negotiate. Will be totally up to them but, no nuclear weapons and “don’t kill your protesters.”
Many believe that by the Senate giving credence to a trial based on the no evidence, no crime, read the transcripts, “no pressure”  Impeachment Hoax, rather than an outright dismissal, it gives the partisan Democrat Witch Hunt credibility that it otherwise does not have. I agree!
Wow! Crazy Bernie Sanders is surging in the polls, looking very good against his opponents in the Do Nothing Party. So what does this all mean? Stay tuned!
You can’t make this up!  David Kris, a highly controversial former DOJ official, was just appointed by the FISA Court to oversee reforms to the FBI’s surveillance procedures. Zero credibility. THE SWAMP! @DevinNunes  @MariaBartiromo @FoxNews
....the Ukraine Hoax that became the Impeachment Scam. Must get the ICIG answers by Friday because this is the guy who lit the fuse. So if he wants to clear his name, prove that his office is indeed incompetent.” @DevinNunes @MariaBartiromo @FoxNews The ICIG never wanted proof!
House Republicans investigating origins of the Ukraine Whistleblower complaint. ICIG Michael Atkinson facing serious questions. “The Democrats know the ICIG is a major problem-didn’t release his testimony. Looks so much like everything else we’ve seen, from the Russia Hoax, to...
خطاب به رهبران ايران: معترضان خود را نكشيد. هزاران تن تاكنون به دست شما كشته يا زنداني شده اند، و جهان نظاره گر است. مهمتر از ان، ايالات متحده نظاره گر است. اينترنت را دوباره وصل كنيد و به خبرنگاران اجازه دهيد ازادانه حركت كنند! كشتار مردم بزرگ ايران را متوقف كنيد! 
Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did NOTHING wrong? Read the Transcripts! A totally partisan Hoax, never happened before. House Republicans voted 195-0, with three Dems voting with the Republicans. Very unfair to tens of millions of voters!
Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did nothing wrong. Read the Transcripts! Hose Republicans voted 195-0, plus we got three Dems. Very unfair to tens of millions of voters!
Why did Nervous Nancy allow corrupt politician Shifty Schiff to lie before Congress? He must be a Witness, and so should she!
Great idea. This phony Impeachment Hoax should not even be allowed to proceed. Did NOTHING wrong. Just a partisan vote. Zero Republicans. Never happened before! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
“Pelosi has made a mockery of Impeachment. Her Articles are so weak. But more importantly, she thought she could extort the Senate. She couldn’t.” @GreggJarrett @foxandfriends The Do Nothing Democrats are really run by the Radical Left. Too bad!
....and then helped to fund them...And zero progress was made on curbing those activities, until Trump droned Soleimani...Plainly, Trump is not a warmonger. He’s a deal maker & his record is that of someone who uses our military might as a deterrent, unleashes it with....
....discretion, and only as a last resort.” Thank you to the great Michael Goodwin. Could not have said it better myself!
Michael Goodwin, New York Post: “Trump’s peace through strength philosophy is what America needs. His (John Kerry) claim bears no relation to reality. The Agreement didn’t create opportunities for America & other signatories to confront Iran’s malign activities. It overlooked....
John Kerry got caught essentially admitting that funds given ridiculously to Iran were used to fund attacks on the USA. Only a complete fool would have given that 150 Billion Dollars Plus to Iran. They then went on a Middle East Rampage! @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth
George @GStephanopoulos, ask Crazy Nancy why she allowed Adam “Shifty” Schiff to totally make up my conversation with the Ukrainian President & read his false words to Congress and the world, as though I said it? He got caught! Ask why hearing was most unfair & biased in history?
To the leaders of Iran - DO NOT KILL YOUR PROTESTERS. Thousands have already been killed or imprisoned by you, and the World is watching. More importantly, the USA is watching. Turn your internet back on and let reporters roam free! Stop the killing of your great Iranian people!
Congratulations to @serenawilliams on another big win. She is a great player and an even greater person. Our members in Virginia (Tennis) will never forget you! 
Congratulations to the Great State of Tennessee. You’ve got yourselves a fantastic football team. Big WIN last night!
RT @SenTomCotton: The future of our Iran policy is critical to the global competition that will determine America’s safety and position in…
RT @SenTomCotton: The American left and media cover relentlessly for Iran’s murderous regime. They claim that staged mass rallies mean the…
RT @SenTomCotton: But the brave people of Iran are not fooled. They have no illusions about the evil men who rule them. As they yet again t…
RT @GOPLeader: Think of the contrast. ↴
While Democrats are trying to remove President Trump from office, the President is focused on remov…
Thank you Rudy! @JudgeJeanine 

I hope the House and Senate Democrats, in particular watch this. It is a classic. Thank you to @JudgeJeanine Pirro! 
دولت ایران باید به گروه‌های حقوق بشر اجازه بدهد حقیقت کنونی اعتراضات در جریان مردم ایران را نظارت کرده و گزارش بدهند. نباید شاهد کشتار دوباره ی معترضان مسالمت آمیز و یا قطع اینترنت باشیم. جهان نظاره گر این اتفاقات است.
The government of Iran must allow human rights groups to monitor and report facts from the ground on the ongoing protests by the Iranian people. There can not be another massacre of peaceful protesters, nor an internet shutdown. The world is watching.
به مردم شجاع و رنج کشیده ایران: من از ابتدای دوره ریاست جمهوریم با شما ایستاده‌ام و دولت من همچنان با شما خواهد ایستاد. ما اعتراضات شما را از نزدیک دنبال می کنیم. شجاعت شما الهام بخش است.
To the brave, long-suffering people of Iran: I've stood with you since the beginning of my Presidency, and my Administration will continue to stand with you. We are following your protests closely, and are inspired by your courage.
The powerful Trump Wall is replacing porous, useless and ineffective barriers in the high traffic areas requested by Border Patrol. Illegal crossing are dropping as more and more Wall is being completed! #BuildingTheWall 
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. 53% Approval Rating overall (can we add 7 to 10 percent because of the Trump “thing?”). Thank you!
Now the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, are asking @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell to do the job that they were unable to do. They proved NOTHING but my total innocence in the House, despite the most unfair & biased hearings in the history of Congress. Now they demand fairness!
Nancy Pelosi will go down as the absolute worst Speaker of the House in U.S. history!
New polling shows that the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax is going nowhere. A vast majority want the Do Nothing Democrats to move on to other things now!
Where have the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats gone when they have spent the last 3 days defending the life of Qassem Soleimani, one of the worst terrorists in history and the father of the roadside bomb? He was also looking to do big future damage! Dems are “unhinged.”
“FBI Director apologizes for FISA Errors (of which there were far to many to be a coincidence!).” @FoxNews Chris, what about all of the lives that were ruined because of the so-called “errors?” Are these “dirty cops” going to pay a big price for the fraud they committed?
RT @SenTomCotton: Progressive activists in New York have pushed for this criminal leniency at the expense of innocent victims. In New York,…
RT @sendavidperdue: Soleimani was a thug and a terrorist, period. For decades, he orchestrated the deaths of countless Americans.

Presiden…
RT @WhiteHouse: "As long as I am President of the United States, Iran will never be allowed to have a nuclear weapon." 
RT @realDonaldTrump: “11,000 points gained in the Dow in the 3 years since the Election of President Trump. Today it may hit 29,000. That h…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Will be interviewed tonight by Laura @IngrahamAngle at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed tonight by Laura @IngrahamAngle at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
She will go down as perhaps the least successful Speaker in U.S. History! 
I love constantly proving them wrong. It’s easy! 
RT @ByronYork: Oops! This morning senior House Dem Adam Smith broke ranks with Pelosi, said time to send impeachment articles to Senate. No…
“I’ve been doing this for 40 years and I’ve never seen anything like this (Economy).” @Varneyco @foxandfriends
“11,000 points gained in the Dow in the 3 years since the Election of President Trump. Today it may hit 29,000. That has NEVER happened before in that time frame. That has added 12.8 Trillion Dollars to the VALUE of American Business.” @Varneyco @FoxNews  The best is yet to come!
RT @SenatorWicker: .@SenateGOP is working to make USMCA a reality. This bipartisan agreement will receive expedited consideration now that…
RT @SenatorFischer: Based on the information presented at today’s Iran briefing, I believe @realDonaldTrump acted appropriately and respons…
RT @SenCapito: I’m joining @LindseyGrahamSC in urging Speaker Pelosi to send over the Articles of Impeachment. This delay is an abuse of po…
RT @SenCapito: For months, House Democrats said @realDonaldTrump was a national security threat and that impeachment was urgent. Where’s th…
RT @SenCapito: “I definitely think @realDonaldTrump did the right thing, and I think it was very justified.” Watch my full interview with @…
We will get this done for our great Miners! 
RT @SenatorCollins: Since 2016, Congress has boosted funding to address the opioid epidemic by 1,300 percent. To ensure those struggling wi…
RT @SenCoryGardner: I hope the latest events have made it clear to Iran that the United States will never back down from protecting our peo…
RT @SenCoryGardner: I’m amazed by the Coloradans who work every day to protect Colorado’s forests and are now helping fight the horrible wi…
RT @SenShelby: Big news: @Airbus will again increase production rates in #Mobile, AL - resulting in 275 new jobs. Proud this company is bui…
RT @SenShelby: Today I joined a resolution with 26 of my colleagues condemning the House of Representatives for withholding the Articles of…
RT @JerryMoran: @SenFinance Also, met with @USTradeRep Robert Lighthizer to discuss Phase One of the trade agrmt w/ China. Includes commitm…
RT @JerryMoran: Thank you, @SecWilkie! I appreciate your leadership at the VA and look forward to working with you in my new role as chairm…
RT @SenPatRoberts: I am proud to join my colleagues in introducing a resolution honoring our fearless military, intelligence community & th…
Thank you Mike! 
I agree. Jovita will do a great job! 
RT @SenateForeign: My statement on the U.S. response to Iranian missile strikes against U.S.-Iraqi bases:

RT @MikeCrapo: Providers will have access to information to recommend lower-cost alternatives, and Medicare Part B will appropriately pay p…
RT @GovernorLittle: I am a strong advocate of healthy lands and waters, and I support President Trump's plans to update the National Enviro…
RT @SenDanSullivan: Glad to meet today with my new colleague in the Senate—Kelly Loeffler, from the state of Georgia. As I learned today, S…
RT @SenTomCotton: Another senseless murder of an innocent American by armed gunmen in Mexico, this time a 13 year-old boy. The Senate shoul…
RT @SenTomCotton: As the president stated earlier this week, Iran must never be allowed to develop a nuclear weapon.
RT @SenTomCotton: Thank you to all the law enforcement officers in Arkansas and across the country who put their lives on the line every da…
RT @sendavidperdue: President @realDonaldTrump has made it clear that Iran’s destabilizing behavior will not be tolerated.

I’m hopeful Ira…
RT @sendavidperdue: Speaker Pelosi is wasting the American people's time. @realDonaldTrump deserves his day in court & the Senate is ready…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: To the House Dems and GOPers who voted for this resolution: You have done nothing to legally restrict President Trump’…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: The War Powers Resolution is an infringement on the president’s constitutional powers as Commander in Chief.


Great interview this morning by @foxandfriends with some of the fantastic people who attended the big Rally last night in Toledo, Ohio. Thank you. Such amazing energy!
Wow! Thank you Greg. Hope I live up to your expectations. 
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! #KAG2020 
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation. We are finally putting AMERICA FIRST! #KAG2020 
Under my administration, we will NEVER make excuses for America’s enemies – we will never hesitate in defending American lives – and we will never stop working to defeat Radical Islamic Terrorism! 
THANK YOU TOLEDO, OHIO!

Heading to Toledo, Ohio, for first Rally of the year. Tremendous crowd. Here we go for a big 2020 Win!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Smart analysis, I fully agree! 
RT @StewardshipAmer: @realDonaldTrump All citizens, including black Americans, should be supporting President @realDonaldTrump; because he…
RT @MatthewJshow: @realDonaldTrump The choice is clear this November!

Continue with prosperity with President Trump's robust and successfu…
RT @JennyGuice: @realDonaldTrump Lord I'm Thankful Each Day,
 
Trump gives us Faith
Trump gives us Virtue
Trump gives us Dignity
Trump give…
Thank you! 
Happy National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! #LESM 
STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 401K’S DOING? 70%, 80%, 90% up? Only 50% up! What are you doing wrong?
U.S. Cancer Death Rate Lowest In Recorded History! A lot of good news coming out of this Administration.
STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 409K’S DOING? 70%, 80%, 90% up? Only 50% up! What are you doing wrong?
Breaking News: The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals just reversed a lower court decision & gave us the go ahead to build one of the largest sections of the desperately needed Southern Border Wall, Four Billion Dollars. Entire Wall is under construction or getting ready to start!
Hope that all House Republicans will vote against Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s War Powers Resolution. Also, remember her “speed & rush” in getting the Impeachment Hoax voted on & done. Well, she never sent the Articles to the Senate. Just another Democrat fraud. Presidential Harassment!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
RT @EliseStefanik: Dems obsessed w/ impeachment but won't send articles to the Senate. Why? It's bc they don't want a trial that will EXPOS…
Thank you Elise! 
Pelosi doesn’t want to hand over The Articles of Impeachment, which were fraudulently produced by corrupt politicians like Shifty Schiff in the first place, because after all of these years of investigations and persecution, they show no crimes and are a joke and a scam!
RT @senatemajldr: There will be no haggling with the House over Senate procedure. We will not cede our authority to try this impeachment. T…
RT @marcorubio: Natl Security officials gave a compelling briefing to Senators just now. They answered every important question. 

Anyone w…
RT @marcorubio: Former Obama officials & their media protectors can howl all they want.

It’s a FACT that as part of  #IranDeal they delive…
Great! 
RT @Scavino45: “As long as I am President of the United States, Iran will never be allowed to have a nuclear weapon.”
@POTUS @realDonaldTru…
RT @piersmorgan: *NEW: Forget the pathetic two-faced liberal bleating - President @realDonaldTrump was absolutely right to take out #Soleim…
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: @IvankaTrump on the Blue Collar Boom and rising wages under @realDonaldTrump! 
RT @GOPChairwoman: Instead of attacking @realDonaldTrump with Iranian talking points about “needless provocations,” Pelosi should be suppor…
RT @Mike_Pence: Joined President @realDonaldTrump in the Situation Room last night upon reports the Islamic Republic of Iran had launched m…
RT @TeamTrump: Vice President @mike_pence: The American People can rest easier tonight because of the leadership of @realDonaldTrump and th…
WINRED! 
See you later! 
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump Addresses the Nation 
All is well! Missiles launched from Iran at two military bases located in Iraq. Assessment of casualties & damages taking place now. So far, so good! We have the most powerful and well equipped military anywhere in the world, by far! I will be making a statement tomorrow morning.
Had a very good meeting with @kbsalsaud of Saudi Arabia. We discussed Trade, Military, Oil Prices, Security, and Stability in the Middle East!
Great interview with @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy on @foxandfriends. “There was no urgency with the Articles of Impeachment because there was no case.”
RT @RepMarkMeadows: I think the vast majority agree killing 600+ Americans is well beyond justification to say: enough is enough. 

And yet…
RT @JudgeJeanine: .@RepMarkMeadows joined me to talk about the latest on Iran, take a look: 
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: We killed the most powerful man in Tehran short of the Ayatollah.  

This was not an act of revenge for what he had do…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: President @realDonaldTrump took decisive, preemptive action to foil a plot directed at American personnel.

As to what…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: When it comes to the death of General Soleimani, there is no one to blame but himself.

He effectively signed his own…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: President @realDonaldTrump’s National security team — @VP Pence, @SecPompeo, @EsperDoD, and national security advisor…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump I’ll be interested to see if the hatred of President Trump prevents Democrats from recognizi…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I very much support Senator @tedcruz's resolution in support of President @realDonaldTrump's decision to take out Iran…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I will oppose any War Powers resolution pushed by @SpeakerPelosi so as to allow this President to have the latitude he…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: ▶️ Dismembering Syria and Yemen.
▶️ Killing their own citizens who are demanding freedom
 
President Trump is right to…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: To my Democratic colleagues:  40 years of Iranian aggression needs to be dealt with forcefully.
 
Iran is:

▶️ The lar…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: 📌 When it comes to @SpeakerPelosi’s political stunts regarding the Articles of Impeachment – Enough Already!
 
📌 Speak…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Now she is sitting on the Articles and trying to run the Senate – denying President Trump his day in court.
 
Presiden…
RT @marcorubio: U.S. intent with regards to #Iran is clear

Future U.S. military action depends entirely on what Iran decides to do first…
RT @marcorubio: Worth repeating. 

The testimony & evidence considered in a Senate impeachment trial should be the same testimony & evidenc…
We love Australia! 
RT @ByronYork: The White House can assert executive privilege. It's not Bolton's privilege; it's the president's. If executive privilege co…
RT @marcthiessen: Every word Pompeo said is true.
RT @hughhewitt: This is attempted deterrence. It doesn’t always work, but Iran —against the backdrop of prior restraint followed by decisiv…
RT @marcthiessen: Besides Soleimani already carried out an attack that killed an American citizen. Trump needed no other justification.
RT @BradThor: Very informative piece --&gt; "It is impossible to overstate the importance of this particular action. It is more significant th…
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump inherited a MESS from the Obama and Biden years. 

But he is cleaning it up very quickly! 
RT @GOPChairwoman: How terrible was the Obama-Biden Iran policy?

In 2016, their Secretary of State John Kerry admitted that some Iranian s…
RT @TomFitton: #StoptheCoup
RT @TomFitton: Coup update...
RT @LouDobbs: Web of Corruption. @TomFitton says new @JudicialWatch documents expose the corrupt Obama State Department’s involvement in Sp…
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
Amazing analysis & reporting! 
RT @Jim_Jordan: .@KellyannePolls said it best: "I'm not going to be lectured by people who voted... to fork over $130 billion in cash to Ir…
RT @SenateGOP: Qassem Soleimani’s 20-year span of terror is finally over.
 
America—and the world—are safer because @realdonaldtrump took a…
RT @TuckerCarlson: San Francisco's left-wing government has turned the city into an "American Dystopia" - Our shocking & exclusive 5-part s…
....If however, the city or state in question is willing to acknowledge responsibility, and politely asks for help from the Federal Government, we will very seriously consider getting involved in order to make those poorly run Democrat Cities Great Again!
The homeless situation in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and many other Democrat Party run cities throughout the Nation is a state and local problem, not a federal problem....
IRAN WILL NEVER HAVE A NUCLEAR WEAPON!
Congress & the President should not be wasting their time and energy on a continuation of the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax when we have so many important matters pending. 196 to ZERO was the Republican House vote, & we got 3 Dems. This was not what the Founders had in mind!
The Impeachment Hoax, just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which started even before I won the Election, must end quickly. Read the Transcripts, see the Ukrainian President’s strong statement, NO PRESSURE - get this done. It is a con game by the Dems to help with the Election!
“The reason they are not sending the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they are so weak and so pathetic.” @LindseyGrahamSC @MariaBartiromo  The great Scam continues. To be spending time on this political Hoax at this moment in our history, when I am so busy, is sad!
These Media Posts will serve as notification to the United States Congress that should Iran strike any U.S. person or target, the United States will quickly & fully strike back, & perhaps in a disproportionate manner. Such legal notice is not required, but is given nevertheless!
The United States just spent Two Trillion Dollars on Military Equipment. We are the biggest and by far the BEST in the World! If Iran attacks an American Base, or any American, we will be sending some of that brand new beautiful equipment their way...and without hesitation!
They attacked us, & we hit back. If they attack again, which I would strongly advise them not to do, we will hit them harder than they have ever been hit before! 
....hundreds of Iranian protesters. He was already attacking our Embassy, and preparing for additional hits in other locations. Iran has been nothing but problems for many years. Let this serve as a WARNING that if Iran strikes any Americans, or American assets, we have.....
....targeted 52 Iranian sites (representing the 52 American hostages taken by Iran many years ago), some at a very high level & important to Iran &  the Iranian culture, and those targets, and Iran itself, WILL BE HIT VERY FAST AND VERY HARD. The USA wants no more threats!
Iran is talking very boldly about targeting certain USA assets as revenge for our ridding the world of their terrorist leader who had just killed an American, & badly wounded many others, not to mention all of the people he had killed over his lifetime, including recently....
As hard as I work, & as successful as our Country has become with our Economy, our Military & everything else, it is ashame that the Democrats make us spend so much time & money on this ridiculous Impeachment Lite Hoax. I should be able to devote all of my time to the REAL USA!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
RT @realDonaldTrump: 
RT @WhiteHouse: A statement from President @realDonaldTrump: 
....different places that he thought were wasteful, and the career staff, as they always do, pushed back, and made a million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S. taxpayer money. There was a back & forth over the legal arguments, & the W.H. decision was....
....followed, and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said, he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial.”
Christopher Bedford, The Federalist Senior Editor. “There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all that’s been discovered. It’s exactly what we knew before, which is that the White House & political figures wanted to cut off aid, Trump wanted to question aid to a number of....
....followed, and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said, he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial.”
Christopher Bedford, The Federalist Senior Editor. “There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all that’s been discovered. It’s exactly what we knew before, which is that the White House & political figures wanted to cut off aid, Trump wanted to question aid to a number of....
....different places that he thought were wasteful, and the career staff, as they always do, pushed back, and nade s million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S.taxpayer money. There was a back & forth over the legal arguments, & the W.H. decision was....q
RT @GrahamLedger: Joe. Foot. In. Mouth. Biden. #Biden2020 
RT @Liz_Wheeler: Soleimani killed 603 American servicemembers.

Soleimani maimed thousands more with IEDs.

Soleimani approved the attack o…
RT @JesseKellyDC: If you’ve been to a VA hospital in recent years and seen a young man missing limbs, there’s a reasonable chance Qasem Sol…
RT @LeeSmithDC: Trump Middle East policy. Seems sound. 
RT @hughhewitt: Bravo to @SecPompeo for his clarity on @foxandfriends. No apologies. No regrets. Astonishing that some in the American poli…
RT @JackPosobiec: Did You Know: 

Soleimani planned the 2012 attacks in Libya because he knew about the gun running to Syrian rebels that w…
RT @mrglenn: I'm a reporter but I was a Soldier for several years and led a platoon of cavalry troops into combat in Iraq. Qassim Solemani…
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Soleimani was a murderer with the blood of Americans on his hands—and plotting more attacks. Thank God for our military…
RT @abigailmarone: 🚨MUST WATCH🚨

Congressman lists every single high crime and misdemeanor committed by President Trump! Unbelievable! http…
RT @WhiteHouse: At the direction of the President, the U.S. military has taken decisive defensive action to protect U.S. personnel abroad b…
RT @BuckSexton: What’s really amazing is that we had been told to accept for so long that the head of IRGC Quds was able to direct operatio…
RT @KimStrassel: Forget Person of the Year. Washington needs an Adult of the Year. My pick for 2019, below.  
RT @SecPompeo: Iraqis — Iraqis — dancing in the street for freedom; thankful that General Soleimani is no more. 
RT @DineshDSouza: Neither were the Iranians, and for pretty much the same reason 
This is a great book, a must read! 
....and more control over Iraq, and the people of Iraq are not happy with that. It will never end well!
The United States has paid Iraq Billions of Dollars a year, for many years. That is on top of all else we have done for them. The people of Iraq don’t want to be dominated & controlled by Iran, but ultimately, that is their choice. Over the last 15 years, Iran has gained more....
General Qassem Soleimani has killed or badly wounded thousands of Americans over an extended period of time, and was plotting to kill many more...but got caught! He was directly and indirectly responsible for the death of millions of people, including the recent large number....
....of PROTESTERS killed in Iran itself. While Iran will never be able to properly admit it, Soleimani was both hated and feared within the country. They are not nearly as saddened as the leaders will let the outside world believe. He should have been taken out many years ago!
Iran never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!
RT @samdagher: This year hundreds of protesters were killed in #Iraq after #QassemSoleimani urged pro #Iran gov to use maximum force & in #…
RT @jimsciutto: Tonight, there are hundreds of American families watching news of Suleimani’s killing particularly closely. He engineered a…
RT @TravelGov: #Iraq: Due to heightened tensions in Iraq and the region, we urge U.S. citizens to depart Iraq immediately. Due to Iranian-b…
RT @USEmbBaghdad: تنبيه أمني - سفارة الولايات المتحدة في بغداد، العراق، 3 كانون الثاني  2020
Security Alert – U.S. Embassy Baghdad, Iraq, J…
....had happened to a Presidential candidate, or President, who was a Democrat, everybody involved would long ago be in jail for treason (and more), and it would be considered the CRIME OF THE CENTURY, far bigger and more sinister than Watergate!
A lot of very good people were taken down by a small group of Dirty (Filthy) Cops, politicians, government officials, and an investigation that was illegally started & that SPIED on my campaign. The Witch Hunt is sputtering badly, but still going on (Ukraine Hoax!). If this....
....it’s alienating independents. This President is being persecuted over three years with one investigation after another, and that really plays to his base.” @FoxNews  @cvpayne  Their partisan Witch Hunt is hurting our Country do badly, & only bringing more division than ever!
Sohrab Ahmari, New York Post “The Trump Campaign raised $10 million in the two days following the impeachment (Scam) vote. It seems the Democrats have shot themselves in the foot in one more way. They set up a process they know is not going to lead to the Presidents removal, &...
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @DanScavino: “Trump list shows 319 'results' and promises kept in three years”
#MAGA🇺🇸#KAG🇺🇸 #HNY2020🎉 
RT @DanScavino: 
RT @GOPChairwoman: "Wages are advancing at about a 3.7 percent annual pace after falling to 2.5 percent during the final years of the Obama…
RT @TeamTrump: ⚡️ With 2019 behind us, we look back on the fantastic accomplishments of President @realDonaldTrump for Americans (so far).…
RT @VP: In 2017, Speaker Pelosi called President @realDonaldTrump’s historic tax cuts, Armageddon.

In 2019, American businesses and worker…
They don’t know how to do that! 
RT @GOPChairwoman: Asian Americans are #WINNING under @realDonaldTrump.

This summer, unemployment among Asian Americans fell to 2.1% — the…
RT @CLewandowski_: Thank you @realDonaldTrump. We will deliver NH for you in 2020 and you WILL NEVER GET TIRED OF WINNING! 
Great job! 
Can’t believe @ATT keeps the management after yet another @CNN ratings dive. Nobody watching, NO CREDIBILITY! Maybe they should make changes at AT&T? 
Too bad, Corey would have won! He (and I) loves New Hampshire. 
Best equipment & finest military in the World. On site quickly! 
RT @Scavino45: President Trump speaks to the press with First Lady Melania, prior to entering this evenings New Year’s Celebration he is ho…
RT @Scavino45: 
